afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
houston is the largest city in texas .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan .
the runway length of antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
appleton , wisconsin is part of kimberly , wisconsin .
appleton , wisconsin is part of little chute , wisconsin .
the length of the first runway at appleton international airport is 8002 feet .
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 597 . 0 .
03r / 21l is the runway name at ardmore airport , new zealand .
the runway name of ardmore airport , new zealand is 07 / 25 .
the 3rd runway at ashgabat international airport is 2953 feet in length .
ashgabat international airport iata location identifier is asb .
ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level .
athens is located in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens .
athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level .
the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city , new jersey , is within the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 4 / 22 .
the runway surface type of atlantic city international airport is asphalt / concrete .
the capital of belgium is the city of brussels .
the french language is spoken in belgium .
the leader of belgium is charles michel .
the official language of belgium is french .
belgium ' s official language is german .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is located in wellington .
curitiba is in the country of brazil .
curitiba is part of parana .
the leader of curitiba is the democratic labour party ( brazil ) .
infraero is located in brazil .
the currency of iraq is the iraqi dinar .
kurdish languages are spoken in iraq .
the leader of iraq is fuad masum .
haider al - abadi is the name of the leader of iraq .
arabic is the official language of iraq .
ahora madrid is the leading party in madrid .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
mamnoon hussain is the leader of pakistan .
nawaz sharif is the leader of pakistan .
the pakistan civil aviation authority headquarter is located at jinnah international airport .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is located at jinnah international airport .
paracuellos de jarama is located in spain .
poaceae is classed as monocotyledon .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants .
poaceae is of the order of commelinids .
poaceae is a member of the order of poales .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey is in new york .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new york .
punjab is in pakistan .
the leader of punjab , pakistan is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the leader of punjab , pakistan is shehbaz sharif .
the leader of punjab , pakistan is called the provincial assembly of the punjab .
san sebastian de los reyes is part of the community of madrid .
the people ' s party is the lead party of san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
saranac lake , new york is in the united states .
saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york .
saranac lake , new york , is part of harrietstown , new york .
stephen dilts is the leader of the south jersey transportation authority .
wilson township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
icolo e bengo is from angola .
alan frew ' s musical genre is rock music .
albennie jones worked with the musical artist sammy price .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
alex day performs synthpop music .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s recording label is rca records .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel started performing in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
indie rock has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
aaron bertram is an artist with the band kids imagine nation .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band .
aaron deer is from indianapolis .
aaron turner played with the band twilight .
aaron turner performs ambient music .
aaron turner performs doom metal music .
aaron turner performs drone music .
aaron turner performs electroacoustic music .
aaron turner performs post - metal music .
aaron turner performs sludge metal music .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar .
aaron turner is a singer .
aaron turner was born in massachusetts .
aaron turner is from the united states .
abradab started performing in 1994 .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 .
ahmet ertegun ' s genre is rock and roll .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c .
al anderson , from the band nrbq , started performing in 1966 .
aleksandra kovac is part of the k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , with her sister , ivana kovac .
aleksandra kovac is musically associated with kristina kovac .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 .
aleksandra kovac ' s musical genre is funk .
alison o ' donnell is a musician for the band mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is kissing spell records .
alison o ' donnell is signed to osmosys records .
alison o ' donnell is signed to the record label stanyan records .
alison o ' donnell ' s recording label is static caravan recordings .
allen forrest started boxing in 2005 .
allen forrest is also known as matchstik , match , allan , forrester , alan , foster , forest matchstick , matchstix , and allen forrest .
allen forrest is associated with the band the black eyed peas .
allen forrest has a background as a solo singer .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
rock music has its stylistic origins in the blues .
suburban legends perform rock music .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 .
alan bean was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alan shepard graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire .
alan shepard retired on the 1st of august , 1974 .
alan shepard died on the 21st of july , 1998 .
alan shepard is a united states national .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
alan shepard was chief of the astronaut office in 1963 .
alan shepard has died .
alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard ' s title is chief of the astronaut office .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 .
alan shepard was awarded the american defense service ribbon .
alan shepard was selected by nasa in 1959 .
the apollo 11 mission was operated by nasa .
alfred worden was a backup pilot on the apollo 12 mission .
david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
elliot see was born in dallas .
elliot see is a united states national .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 .
glen ridge is in essex county , new jersey .
the purple finch is the bird of new hampshire .
st louis is part of the kingdom of france .
the leader of st . louis is francis g . slay .
joe biden is a leader in the u . s .
joe biden is a leader in the u . s .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
the university of texas at austin competes in the big 12 conference .
the president of the university of texas at austin is gregory l . fenves .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 .
william anders was born in british hong kong .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
william anders is a united states national .
william anders was a fighter pilot .
william anders served as chief of the astronaut office in 1976 .
william anders has retired .
william anders spent 8820 minutes in space .
william anders was the united states ambassador to norway .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman fc .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin played for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 september 1995 .
aleksander barkov jr ' s height is 1 . 905 metres .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24th february 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma youth club .
abner is a footballer for the real madrid castilla club .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher ' s current club is psv eindhoven .
adam mcquaid weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
ahmad kadhim assad was born on 01 / 07 / 1976 .
akeem adams was born in point fortin , trinidad and tobago .
akeem adams plays for central f . c .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc .
akeem adams plays for the t & tec sports club .
akeem adams plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team .
akeem adams played for the trinidad and tobago national under - 17 football team .
akeem adams played for the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c .
akeem ayers used to play for los angeles rams .
akeem ayers ' former team is the new england patriots .
akeem priestley was born in kingston , jamaica .
al - khor sports club is located in al khor .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - merrikh sc .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alaa abdul zahra plays for tractor sazi f . c .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union .
aleksandre guruli plays for as lyon - duchere .
aleksandre guruli plays for azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dila gori .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc zestafoni .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national football team .
aleksandre guruli played for the olympique lyonnais club .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is us boulogne .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is us lesquin .
alex tyus plays for anadolu efes s . k .
larry maguire is the leader of brandon , manitoba .
the houston texans play in houston .
alessandro dal canto is the coach of the italian national under 17 football team .
the jacksonville dolphins are based in the city of jacksonville , florida .
patrick allen is a political leader in jamaica .
los angeles rams play in los angeles .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
the leader of regina , saskatchewan is the legislative assembly of saskatchewan .
st louis is part of the kingdom of france .
the leader of st . louis is francis g . slay .
joe vitt is a coach for the st . louis rams .
11 diagonal street is located in johannesburg .
the floor area of 200 public square is 111484 square metres .
200 public square has a floor count of 45 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , ohio 44114 .
rafael vinoly is the architect of 20 fenchurch street .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
20 fenchurch street has a floor count of 34 .
20 fenchurch street is located in london .
the building of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 .
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million dollars .
the 320 south boston building was formerly called the " exchange national bank building " .
the 3arena was designed by the architectural company populous .
the 3arena is a concerts and events venue .
the 3arena was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena is 28 metres high .
the 3arena is located on north wall quay .
the 3arena is located in dublin .
the 3arena is located at north wall , dublin .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
ahmedabad is in india .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
akita prefecture is located in japan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
ampara hospital has 476 beds .
asser levy public baths is located in asser levy place and east 23rd street .
julia morgan was born in california .
julia morgan was born in san francisco .
julia morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the riverside art museum .
the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
marriott international was founded in washington , d . c .
marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland .
new york city is in the united states .
pacific grove , california is in the united states .
the leader of south africa is jacob zuma .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
1001 gaussia was formerly known as " 1923 oaa907 xc " .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 0 . 0925 km / sec .
the celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6kg .
the orbital period of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 8788850000 . 0 .
the periapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6155910000000 . 0 .
abilene is part of taylor county , texas .
abilene , texas has a population density of 429 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
adams township , madison county , indiana is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is in the u . s .
akron , ohio is located at 306 . 0 above sea level .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
akron , ohio is part of the u . s .
the population density of akron , ohio , is 1239 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
albany , georgia is in the united states .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 .
the area codes for anaheim , california are 657 and 714 .
anaheim , california has a total area of water of 25 . 2 square kilometres .
the total area of anaheim california is 131 . 6 square kilometres .
anaheim is in california , in the united states .
anaheim , california is located at 48 . 0 above sea level .
anaheim is part of california .
anaheim is part of orange county , california .
tom tait is the leader of anaheim , california .
anderson is a city in indiana .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana .
anderson is part of madison county , indiana .
anderson is part of union township , madison county , indiana .
ann arbor is part of michigan .
ann arbor , michigan is led by the politician christopher taylor .
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 8 .
the total area of antioch california is 75 . 324 square kilometres .
antioch is part of california .
the leader of antioch , california is the mayor .
the area code for atlanta is 404 .
the area codes for atlanta are 404 , 678 and 470 .
the area of land in atlanta is 344 . 9 square kilometres .
atlanta is in the united states .
atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia .
don guardian leads atlantic city , new jersey .
the clerk is the municipal official leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is called the mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
the area code for auburn , alabama is 334 .
debbie wasserman schultz is the chairperson of the democratic party in the united states .
fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
fountain county , indiana is located in the united states .
covington is the county seat of fountain county , indiana .
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
lansing is the capital of michigan .
monroe township , madison county , indiana is located in the united states .
the largest city in new jersey is newark .
pierce county , washington is located within the united states .
tacoma is the largest city in pierce county , washington .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
americans inhabit the u . s .
native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
english is the language of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , which is in steuben county .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
the comic character , blockbuster , was created by gardner fox .
bionico is found in the region of jalisco .
chicken is classed as a bird .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska .
batchoy comes from the region of la paz , iloilo city .
beef kway teow is a dish found in indonesia and singapore .
vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka .
the aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
the aidastella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
the aidastella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4hp18qe transmission .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
gabriela michetti is a leader in argentina .
the desoto custom and the chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
the fiat croma is related to the alfa romeo 164 .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
american motors was succeeded by eagle .
the aston martin v8 was assembled at newport pagnell .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the currency of turkey is the turkish lira .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
adonis georgiadis was in office under antonis samaras , prime minister .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
albert b . white is married to agnes ward white .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfred moore scales started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 .
aaron s . daggett fought in the american civil war .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of salem church .
aaron s . daggett was born in greene , maine .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
aaron s . daggett died in massachusetts .
aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury .
ab klink ' s alma mater is erasmus university rotterdam .
ab klink was born in stellendam .
ab klink is a national of the netherlands .
ab klink worked as a member of the house of representatives .
ab klink worked as a member of the senate .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the " barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak " party .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
abel caballero was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister .
abner w . sibal was born april 11th , 1921 .
abner w . sibal represented connecticut ' s 4th congressional district .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff is a us national .
abraham a . ribicoff worked as governor of connecticut .
john n dempsey succeeded abraham a ribicoff .
adam holloway was involved in gulf war battles .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england .
adam holloway was born in faversham .
adam holloway was in the grenadier guards in the military .
adam holloway is a british national .
adam koc fought in world war i .
adam koc was born in congress , poland .
adam koc was born in suwalki .
adam koc is a polish national .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo .
adenan satem was in office while abdul taib mahmud was vice president .
adolf scharf was born in austria - hungary .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis worked as the minister for health .
adonis georgiadis worked as the spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis worked as vice president of new democracy .
adonis georgiadis worked at the ministry of health in greece .
airey neave was in the battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge .
airey neave served in the royal artillery .
albert b . white ended his career on 1905 - 03 - 04 .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol .
alfred moore scales is from the united states .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina .
alfred moore scales is a member of the democratic party in the united states .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by james madison leach .
the politician james w . reid succeeded alfred moore scales .
alfred n . phillips ended his career on 1939 - 01 - 03 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
allan shivers worked as the governor of texas .
the battle of gettysburg was part of the american civil war conflict .
the united states army was involved in battles of the american revolutionary war .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in the 2014 - 15 season .
akron , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
1 . fc koln played in the 2014 season .
1 . fc koln played the 2014 - 15 season in the bundesliga .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is the stadio dino manuzzi .
a . c . chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is in verona .
afc fylde ' s ground is bryning lane .
afc fylde ' s ground is kellamergh park .
afc fylde ' s ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire .
afc fylde ' s ground is in lancashire .
afc fylde ' s ground is warton , fylde .
afc fylde play in the national league north .
dave challinor is the manager of a . f . c . fylde .
afc fylde has 3180 members .
afc fylde played in the 2014 season .
a . f . c . fylde played the 2014 - 15 season in the football conference .
the full name of a . s . gubbio 1910 is " associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl " .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has the ground stadio pietro barbetti .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is in the serie d league .
a . s . gubbio 1910 were in the 2014 season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 played in the lega pro during the 2014 - 15 season .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is associazione sportiva .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio is in livorno .
a . s . roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome .
a . s . roma ' s ground is stadio olimpico .
a . s . roma play in serie a .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma .
the full name of afc ajax is amsterdamsche football club ajax .
afc ajax has 53502 members .
afc ajax is owned by afc ajax nv .
afc ajax played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal pfk stands for " azal pes @ kar futbol klubu " .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk .
azal pfk has 3500 members .
azal pfk played in season 2014 .
azal pfk played in the azerbaijan premier league , 2014 - 15 .
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar .
az alkmaar ' s ground is afas stadion .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar .
max huiberts is the owner of az alkmaar .
robert eenhoorn is the owner of az alkmaar .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 season .
the chairman of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is called president .
the full name of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense " .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is nicknamed " alvinegro " .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is nicknamed asa gigante .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 season .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
dave laughlin is the chairman of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault is based in akron , ohio .
denzil antonio was the manager of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 season .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season .
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool .
the leader of blackpool is the labour party ( uk ) .
vila nova futebol clube are the champions of campeonato brasileiro serie c .
the campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil .
christian panucci plays for a . s . livorno calcio .
christian panucci plays for a . s . roma .
christian panucci plays for genoa c . f . c .
christian panucci plays for the italy national football team .
christian panucci played for the club real madrid cf .
dave challinor plays for a . f . c . fylde .
dave challinor is at bury fc .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c .
dave challinor is affiliated with the tranmere rovers f . c .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca .
barrow a . f . c . team won the championship in the national league north .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense were in campeonato brasileiro serie c in 2015 .
mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by grantville gazette ii .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the galileo affair is followed by 1634 : the ram rebellion .
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long .
a fortress of grey ice was published by tor books .
a long long way was published by viking press .
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer was penned by qiu xiaolong .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is written in english .
a loyal character dancer is in print .
a loyal character dancer is a hardcover book .
a loyal character dancer is 360 pages long .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press .
the isbn number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp has the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
springer science & business media is the publisher of acta mathematica hungarica .
aenir was written by garth nix .
aenir is an australian book .
the novel aenir was followed by above the veil .
aenir is available in print form .
aenir is a paperback .
aenir has 233 pages .
aenir is preceded by the novel castle .
the isbn number of " alcatraz versus the evil librarians " is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a book which can be placed in the genre of fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature book .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a book .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a hardcover book .
english is spoken in great britain .
into battle is a novel that australians have purchased .
the novel " into battle " was followed by " the violet keystone " .
ring of fire ii was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
viking press is located in the united states .
the author of weymouth sands is john cowper powys .
the novel maiden castle followed weymouth sands .
harcourt is the publisher of wizards at war .
wolf solent was followed by a glastonbury romance .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
infraero is located in brasilia and operates afonso pena international airport .
the 1st runway at abilene regional airport is made of asphalt and the airport is 546 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and also saranac lake in new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid ; its runway length is 3500 .
al asad airbase is found in iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where mamnoon hussain is a leader .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and has the location identifier apn .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 1st runway has the number 18 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 4th runway has an asphalt surface .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music and bhangra music is a fusion genre .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is milonga .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band which plays pop music .
aaron turner , a performer of the musical genre post metal , played with the band twilight .
aaron turner played progressive metal with the band twilight .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and with bobina .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and with mark sixma .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , served as a test pilot .
alan bean , who was picked by nasa in 1963 , spent 100305 minutes in space .
william anders and frank borman were both crew members of apollo 8 .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and played for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and played for tennessee titans .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
abner plays for the coritiba football club and also for real madrid castilla .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
adam mcquaid was born in canada in 1986 .
adam mcquaid was born in charlottetown in 1986 .
adam mcquaid was born on prince edward island in 1986 .
adam mcquaid ' s draft team was the columbus blue jackets , based in the city of columbus , ohio .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and the iraq national under 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and al - khor sports club .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
alessio romagnoli is in the italian national under 16 ' s football team coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli plays for the italian national under 17 football team which is coached by alessandro dal canto .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is larry maguire .
abner is a footballer for the cd fas club which plays in the salvadoran primera division .
alex plante was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
108 st georges terrace has a floor count of 50 and cost 120 million australian dollars .
108 st . georges terrace is located in perth , australia .
helmut jahn is the architect of 11 diagonal street which was completed in 1983 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , a country where one of the ethnic groups is asian south africans .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where white south africans are an ethnic group .
cyril ramaphosa is a leader in south africa where 11 diagonal street is located .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the leader is jacob zuma .
200 public square , completed in 1985 , has 45 floors .
200 public square , which has 45 floors , is located in cleveland , ohio 44114 .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres and the building was started in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street , completed april 2014 , has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
the 320 south boston building has 22 floors and is 121 . 92 metres high .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in asser levy place and east 23rd street .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where the leader is t s thakur .
marriott international , founded in washington , d . c . , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland and is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 0 . 0925 km / s and its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 km .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
101 helena has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
10 hygiea has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas , in the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas , in the united states .
arlington is part of tarrant county in the state of texas .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , in the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is located in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states is the location of albuquerque , new mexico , and includes the native americans among its ethnic groups .
attica , indiana is in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are native americans .
auburn , washington is located in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are native americans .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which starred alan tudyk .
the comic book character amazing - man , aka john aman , was created by bill everett .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird and kevin eastman .
the comic character arion is also known as ahri ' ahn and was created by paul kupperberg .
the comic character arion is also known as ahri ' ahn and was created by jan duursema .
the comic character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson .
the comic character , balder has the alternative name , balder odinson and was created by stan lee .
the comic character , balder has the alternative name of balder odinson and was created by jack kirby .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby and stan lee .
bananaman the tv series was shown on the bbc which is located in broadcasting house in london .
bananaman was shown on the bbc which is located in london .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which is broadcast by the bbc .
bill oddie starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by stv .
bill oddie starred in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie , who stars in bananaman , was born in rochdale .
graeme garden stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc .
tim brooke - taylor , star of bananaman , was born in buxton .
tim brooke - taylor , star of bananaman , was born in england .
tim brooke - taylor , star of bananaman , was born in the u . k .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring ryan potter .
duncan rouleau created the character baymax , which appeared in big hero 6 .
damon wayans jr . starred in the film big hero 6 in which the character baymax appeared .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred jamie chung .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred maya rudolph .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
scott adsit , who was born in northbrook , illinois , provides the voice for the character baymax .
alan tudyk stars in the film big hero 6 in which baymax is a character .
sheldon moldoff , creator of black pirate , has won the inkpot award .
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and roger stern .
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and tom lyle .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins from the united states .
bozo the iron man , whose full name is hugh hazzard , was created by george brenner .
dane whitman black , also known as dane whitman , was created by john buscema in the comics genre .
dane whitman , a . k . a . black knight , was created by john buscema and roy thomas .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish comes from the philippines .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the 1955 dodge , also known as the dodge coronet , has a v8 engine .
the 1955 dodge has a v8 engine and a hardtop .
the 1955 dodge is a sedan with a v8 engine .
the 1955 dodge and the desoto custom are related means of transport in that they are both cars . the desoto is the manufacturer of the desoto custom .
the 1955 dodge , the desoto custom and the chrysler newport are all cars .
the 1955 dodge , the desoto custom and the plymouth plaza are related means of transportation .
the 1955 dodge and the plymouth plaza are related means of transport in that they are both cars . plymouth are the manufacturers of the plymouth plaza .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , located in germany .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and was completed on april 6th , 2005 .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has 2 mtu 16v 2000 m60 engines .
aida cruises , located in germany , operates the ship aidaluna .
the aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and its service was started on the 17th of march , 2013 .
the aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the aidastella is a 253260 . 0 millimetre long sphinx - class cruise ship .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was built by the american locomotive company .
the alco rs - 3 has a v12 engine and was built by the american locomotive company .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by the american locomotive company .
the american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york and built the alco rs - 3 .
the american locomotive company was founded in the united states and built the alco rs - 3 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company located in the united states .
the alco rs - 3 , with its v12 engine , was produced from may 1950 to august 1956 .
alv x - 1 hails from the us where the star spangled banner is the national anthem .
alv x - 1 hails from the us , where washington d . c . is the capital .
the alv x - 1 originated in the united states where americans live .
alv x - 1 hails from the us where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alv x - 1 originated in the united states , a country where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and had one failed launch .
the alv x - 1 was manufactured by alliant techsystems who also produce the xm25 cdte .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a total of 1 launches .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and is assembled in mexico .
the amc matador is assembled in the usa including in the year 1971 .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and is assembled in mexico city .
the amc matador is available in a 1974 model and is assembled in mexico city .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and is assembled in port melbourne , victoria .
the amc matador is available in a 1974 model and is assembled in port melbourne , victoria .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and is assembled in thames , new zealand .
the amc matador is available in a 1974 model and is assembled in thames , new zealand .
amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was acquired by chrysler .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina and its ship beam is 24 . 4 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is manufactured by abarth who were founded in bologna .
the abarth 1000 gt has a straight - four engine and a coupe body style .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was designed by gruppo bertone which was founded in italy .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was designed by gruppo bertone which was founded in turin .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was designed by gruppo bertone from italy .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is manufactured by abarth who were founded in italy .
abarth was founded by carlo abarth and is the manufacturer of the abarth 1000 gt coupe .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe and the last one rolled off the production line in 1958 .
the acura tlx has a v6 engine and is assembled in marysville , ohio .
the acura tlx has a honda j engine which was manufactured by honda .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine which was manufactured by honda .
the acura tlx has a v6 engine and is made at the marysville auto plant .
honda makes the acura tlx which has a 2 . 4 liter engine .
honda makes the acura tlx which has a 3 . 5 litre engine .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine and is manufactured by honda .
the alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and had its maiden voyage on july 7th , 1855 .
alhambra is owned by the london based company p & o .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type .
the alhambra is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine who are located in london .
the alhambra , which was wrecked , had a ship beam of 8 . 3 metres .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a top speed of 18 . 52 .
the alhambra , which is 63800 . 0 millimetres long , has a geared steam engine humphrys , tennant and dykes 140hp .
the alvis speed 25 has a petrol engine and a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was succeeded by the rover co .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and had its final flight on 28th october 2014 .
the antares rocket , which is comparable to the delta ii , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where mauricio macri is the leader .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 and was manufactured at the esa and arianespace .
the european space agency manufactured the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
arianespace is the manufacturer of ariane 5 and it was launched at ela - 3 .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are a related means of transport as they are both made by aston martin .
the atlas ii originated from the u . s and was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 3 .
the atlas ii is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the atlas ii originated from the u . s . where the leader is known as the president .
the atlas ii originated from the u . s and was launched from the cape canaveral air force station .
costa crociere is in genoa and owned by aidastella .
the owner of the aidastella is italy ' s costa crociere .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 .
the alvis speed 25 has a 4387 . 00 cc engine and a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorized as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania , is categorized as a contributing property .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , resides in gravesend .
airey neave , who served in the royal artillery , was awarded the military cross .
ab klink is a national of the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and belongs to the christian democratic appeal party .
ab klink was born in stellendam and belongs to the christian democratic appeal party .
abdul rahman ya ' kub , who succeeded abdul taib mahmud , was in office whilst tuanku bujang tuanku othman was vice president .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the " barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak " party .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , is a member of the " barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak " party .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , was succeeded by sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , lives in kuching .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , spain .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abel caballero was born in spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was in office whilst juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
abel caballero , who was born in ponteareas , was in office whilst juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
abel caballero , who was born in spain , was in office whilst juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
abel caballero was in office during the reign of king juan carlos i of spain who was born in rome .
abel caballero was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain who preceded alfonso xiii of spain .
abel caballero was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain who succeeded francisco franco .
abel caballero was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain . queen sofia of spain is the wife of juan carlos i of spain .
abel caballero was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister who succeeded rodolfo llopis .
abner w . sibal fought during wwii and chiang kai - shek was a commander in that war .
abner w . sibal fought during wwii and franklin d . roosevelt was a commander in that war .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , which battled in the american civil war .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , which battled in the spanish - american war .
abner w . sibal was born april 11th , 1921 , and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
abner w . sibal , born in ridgewood , queens , was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and died in the u . s .
john major was a commander in the gulf war in which adam holloway was involved .
alfred moore scales is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alma mater of alfred moore scales , who was succeeded by daniel gould fowle , was the university of north carolina at chapel hill .
alfred moore scales , governor of north carolina , was succeeded by daniel gould fowle .
alfred moore scales , governor of north carolina , was succeeded by james madison leach .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and he was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and he was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was part of the u . s . house of representatives and was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states , army , which was involved in the american revolutionary war .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states , army , which was involved in the invasion of grenada .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states , army , which fought in the korean war .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army , which fought in the spanish - american war .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states , army , which fought in the whiskey rebellion battle .
alvah sabin was a member of the united states whig party , whose leader is daniel webster .
alvah sabin was a member of the united states whig party whose leader was henry clay .
alvah sabin , who retired on 3rd march 1857 , represented vermont .
alvah sabin represented vermont and later died in sycamore , illinois .
alvah sabin worked as the secretary of the state of vermont .
alvah sabin was from vermont where the largest city is burlington .
albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war , where abraham lincoln was a commander .
alfons gorbach died in austria , the leader of which , is doris bures .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam and the commander of the battle was robert e . lee .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of chancellorsville , which was part of the american civil war conflict .
gerd von rundstedt was a commander in the battle of france in which airey neave fought .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of salem church where robert e . lee was a commander .
alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron , a member of the labour party , was president .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
rolando maran , born in italy , is the manager of ac chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
afc fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina , he played for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has the full name of acf fiorentina s . p . a . and has 47290 members .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as the tenant .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan and play their home matches at the azal arena .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and played for fc sachsen leipzig .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for s . s . d . potenza calcio .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona who play in serie a .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its home ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran , who plays at the carrarese calcio .
rolando maran has managed ac chievo verona and is in the f . c . bari 1908 club .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for a . c . chievo verona .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and is attached to fc bari 1908 .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for torino f . c .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro league .
a . s . gubbio 1910 , with 5300 members , played in the lega pro during the 2014 - 15 season .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members and has a ground in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members and has a ground in livorno .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is the stadio armando picchi .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is nicknamed " alvinegro " and has 17000 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is nicknamed asa gigante and has 17000 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and is managed by vica .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and played in the 2015 season .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c and their ground holds 17000 fans .
dave laughlin is the chairman of akron summit assault which has 3000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio .
st vincent - st mary high school , located in the united states , is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in ohio .
akron summit assault play in the premier development league , which was previously won by k - w united fc .
the ground for aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) which is located in athens .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a severed wasp , published in hardback , has the oclc number 8805735 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was preceded by grantville gazette ii .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
above the veil was written by garth nix and has the oclc number 46451790 .
the american journal of mathematics , also known as am . j . math , has an eissn number of 1080 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where white americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the language is english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the president .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the president .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president .
a glastonbury romance , isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 , is available in print .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based at the four world trade centre .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 8 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital city is austin and the local people are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital city is austin and the local inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano and the spoken language is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where spanish is spoken and austin is the capital .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is one of the spoken languages .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo at 159 metres above sea level with a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo at 159 metres above sea level with a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
antwerp international airport , which serves the city of antwerp , is operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport , serving the city of antwerp , is operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region .
the owner of antwerp international airport is the flemish region and the operating organisation is the flemish government . the runway length is 600 . 0 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of grand chute , wisconsin . appleton is part of kimberly , wisconsin .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin . appleton is part of both little chute and grand chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin at 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1982 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin at 280 metres above sea level with a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
the appleton international airport is in greenville , wisconsin , united states . greenville is part of ellington , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states , and greenville is part of dale , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states . greenville is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states , and greenville is part of menasha ( town ) , wisconsin .
outagamie county , wisconsin is the operating organisation of appleton international airport which is elevated 280 metres above sea level . it also has a runway length of 1 , 982 metres .
outagamie county , wisconsin is the operating organisation of appleton international airport which is elevated 280 metres above sea level . it also has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is elevated 34 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 518 . 0 . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which is a flowering plant and belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . the runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and his genre is psychedelia .
abradab , who was born on 12 november 1978 , played with the band kaliber 44 and is musically associated with the rapper magik .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and plays rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of that music .
aleksandra kovac is part of the pop music genre and part of the k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london , where boris johnson is a leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london , where boris johnson is a leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london . the majority in manchester is the labour party .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and is an artist for the band mellow candle ; her genre is folk rock music .
alison o ' donnell was in the bands mellow candle and the flibbertigibbet band . she performs psychedelic folk music .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to deram records and static caravan recordings .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is associated with bajik .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin , also known as edwin e . aldrin , jr . , was a crew member of apollo 11 and in 1963 graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d .
alan martin played football for motherwell fc and accrington stanley fc , whose ground is in accrington .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 and his draft team was the florida panthers .
alessio romagnoli , who played for the italian national under - 16 football team , is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and is in the italian national under 16 ' s football team coached by daniele zoratto .
italian born alessio romagnoli is in the country ' s national under 17 ' s club and has represented the club u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 m in height and whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for the club maccabi ashdod bc who are coached by zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow , whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he later played for fc anzhi makhachkala .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team and for hull city afc who are managed by steve bruce .
aaron hunt plays for hamburger sv and sv werder bremen ii . the manager of sv werder bremen ii is alexander nouri .
aaron hunt played for sv werder bremen , where viktor skrypnyk is the manager , and also for hamburger sv .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth team sv werder bremen , plays for both goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen ii .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth team sv werder bremen , now plays for both vfl wolfsburg and goslarer sc 08 .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth club sv werder bremen , now plays for vfl wolfsburg and hamburger sv .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth team sv werder bremen , now plays for both vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen ii .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth club goslarer sc 08 , now plays for vfl wolfsburg and hamburger sv .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and hamburger sv . dieter hecking manages vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez plays for the club , u . s . citta di palermo and his club is penarol which is managed by jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team and also for penarol , where jorge orosman da silva is the manager .
iraqi born , alaa abdul zahra , plays for the al - wakrah sport club and also for the tractor sazi fc .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , russia and plays for the soviet union national football team and fc torpedo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and he plays for the soviet union national football team as well as for fc torpedo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , russia and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc tom tomsk and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , played for fc karpaty lviv and as lyon - duchere .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the currency is the pound sterling and the leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . its construction began in january 2014 .
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million dollars , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
250 delaware avenue is a building in buffalo , new york with 12 floors and a start date of january 2014 .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county new york . the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , where byron brown is the leader .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
adare manor , owned by jp mcmanus , was designed by lewis nockalls cottingham and completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style of architecture .
adisham hall , haputale , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is a tenant of the alan b miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which is located in virginia , united states .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres , an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
410777 2009 fd , which has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs , was discovered by spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
410777 2009 fd , which was discovered by spacewatch , has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
the celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000 . its epoch date is 27 june 2015 .
the celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000 . it has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
410777 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 . its epoch date is 27th june 2015 .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , formerly known as 1999 sn5 , is on the 13th of january 2016 . the periapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 41498400000 . 0 .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson whose alma mater was the university of michigan and who died from peritonitis .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera and died from peritonitis .
the epoch of 1089 tama , formerly known as " 1930 st ; 1952 he4 " is 2005 - 11 - 26 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama ( formerly a894 va ; a904 vd ) has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama , which has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 , is november 26th , 2005 . its former name is a894 va ; a904 vd .
1089 tama ( formerly a919 ha ; 1927 wb ) , has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres , and the epoch date , 2005 - 11 - 26 .
