afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
houston is the largest city in texas .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan .
the runway length of antwerp international airport is 600 . 0 .
appleton , wisconsin is part of kimberly , wisconsin .
appleton , wisconsin is part of little chute , wisconsin .
the length of the first runway at appleton international airport is 8002 feet .
the runway length of ardmore airport in new zealand is 597 . 0 .
03r / 21l is the runway name at ardmore airport , new zealand .
the runway name of ardmore airport , new zealand is 07 / 25 .
the 3rd runway at ashgabat international airport is 2953 feet in length .
ashgabat international airport iata location identifier is asb .
ashgabat international airport is elevated 211 metres above sea level .
athens is located in greece .
athens international airport serves the city of athens .
athens international airport is 94 metres above sea level .
the runway length of athens international airport is 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city , new jersey , is within the united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey .
don guardian is the leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the runway length of atlantic city international airport is 3048 . 0 .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 4 / 22 .
the runway surface type of atlantic city international airport is asphalt / concrete .
the capital of belgium is the city of brussels .
the french language is spoken in belgium .
the leader of belgium is charles michel .
the official language of belgium is french .
belgium ' s official language is german .
the civil aviation authority of new zealand is located in wellington .
curitiba is in the country of brazil .
curitiba is part of parana .
the leader of curitiba is the democratic labour party ( brazil ) .
infraero is located in brazil .
the currency of iraq is the iraqi dinar .
kurdish languages are spoken in iraq .
the leader of iraq is fuad masum .
haider al - abadi is the name of the leader of iraq .
arabic is the official language of iraq .
ahora madrid is the leading party in madrid .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is in the united states .
mamnoon hussain is the leader of pakistan .
nawaz sharif is the leader of pakistan .
the pakistan civil aviation authority headquarter is located at jinnah international airport .
the pakistan civil aviation authority is located at jinnah international airport .
paracuellos de jarama is located in spain .
poaceae is classed as monocotyledon .
poaceae belongs to the division of flowering plants .
poaceae is of the order of commelinids .
poaceae is a member of the order of poales .
the headquarters of the port authority of new york and new jersey is in new york .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new york .
punjab is in pakistan .
the leader of punjab , pakistan is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the leader of punjab , pakistan is shehbaz sharif .
the leader of punjab , pakistan is called the provincial assembly of the punjab .
san sebastian de los reyes is part of the community of madrid .
the people ' s party is the lead party of san sebastian de los reyes , spain .
saranac lake , new york is in the united states .
saranac lake , new york is part of essex county , new york .
saranac lake , new york , is part of harrietstown , new york .
stephen dilts is the leader of the south jersey transportation authority .
wilson township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
icolo e bengo is from angola .
alan frew ' s musical genre is rock music .
albennie jones worked with the musical artist sammy price .
aleksandra kovac ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
alex day performs synthpop music .
alfredo zitarrosa is associated with hector numa moraes .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s recording label is rca records .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music .
anders osborne ' s genre is rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel started performing in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns .
indie rock has its stylistic origins in new wave music .
aaron bertram is an artist with the band kids imagine nation .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band .
aaron deer is from indianapolis .
aaron turner played with the band twilight .
aaron turner performs ambient music .
aaron turner performs doom metal music .
aaron turner performs drone music .
aaron turner performs electroacoustic music .
aaron turner performs post - metal music .
aaron turner performs sludge metal music .
aaron turner plays the electric guitar .
aaron turner is a singer .
aaron turner was born in massachusetts .
aaron turner is from the united states .
abradab started performing in 1994 .
abradab is an artist for the band kaliber 44 .
ahmet ertegun ' s genre is rock and roll .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states .
ahmet ertegun is from washington d . c .
al anderson , from the band nrbq , started performing in 1966 .
aleksandra kovac is part of the k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) , with her sister , ivana kovac .
aleksandra kovac is musically associated with kristina kovac .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia .
aleksandra kovac was born in 1972 .
aleksandra kovac ' s musical genre is funk .
alison o ' donnell is a musician for the band mellow candle .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak .
alison o ' donnell ' s record label is kissing spell records .
alison o ' donnell is signed to osmosys records .
alison o ' donnell is signed to the record label stanyan records .
alison o ' donnell ' s recording label is static caravan recordings .
allen forrest started boxing in 2005 .
allen forrest is also known as matchstik , match , allan , forrester , alan , foster , forest matchstick , matchstix , and allen forrest .
allen forrest is associated with the band the black eyed peas .
allen forrest has a background as a solo singer .
death metal is a musical fusion of black metal .
rock music has its stylistic origins in the blues .
suburban legends perform rock music .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan bean was a crew member of apollo 12 .
alan bean was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alan shepard graduated from nwc with an m . a . in 1957 .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire .
alan shepard retired on the 1st of august , 1974 .
alan shepard died on the 21st of july , 1998 .
alan shepard is a united states national .
alan shepard was a test pilot .
alan shepard was chief of the astronaut office in 1963 .
alan shepard has died .
alan shepard spent 13017 . 0 minutes in space .
alan shepard ' s title is chief of the astronaut office .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 .
alan shepard was awarded the american defense service ribbon .
alan shepard was selected by nasa in 1959 .
the apollo 11 mission was operated by nasa .
alfred worden was a backup pilot on the apollo 12 mission .
david scott was the commander of apollo 12 .
elliot see was born in dallas .
elliot see is a united states national .
elliot see was selected by nasa in 1962 .
glen ridge is in essex county , new jersey .
the purple finch is the bird of new hampshire .
st louis is part of the kingdom of france .
the leader of st . louis is francis g . slay .
joe biden is a leader in the u . s .
joe biden is a leader in the u . s .
the university of texas at austin is affiliated with the university of texas system .
the university of texas at austin competes in the big 12 conference .
the president of the university of texas at austin is gregory l . fenves .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s .
william anders was born on october 17th , 1933 .
william anders was born in british hong kong .
william anders retired on 1969 - 09 - 01 .
william anders is a united states national .
william anders was a fighter pilot .
william anders served as chief of the astronaut office in 1976 .
william anders has retired .
william anders spent 8820 minutes in space .
william anders was the united states ambassador to norway .
william anders was a crew member of apollo 8 .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul zahra plays for sanat mes kerman fc .
alan martin played football for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin played for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr was born on 2 september 1995 .
aleksander barkov jr ' s height is 1 . 905 metres .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24th february 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli is in the a . s . roma youth club .
abner is a footballer for the real madrid castilla club .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar .
adam maher ' s current club is psv eindhoven .
adam mcquaid weighs 94 . 8024 kilograms .
ahmad kadhim assad was born on 01 / 07 / 1976 .
akeem adams was born in point fortin , trinidad and tobago .
akeem adams plays for central f . c .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc .
akeem adams plays for the t & tec sports club .
akeem adams plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team .
akeem adams played for the trinidad and tobago national under - 17 football team .
akeem adams played for the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team .
akeem adams played for united petrotrin f . c .
akeem ayers used to play for los angeles rams .
akeem ayers ' former team is the new england patriots .
akeem priestley was born in kingston , jamaica .
al - khor sports club is located in al khor .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al - merrikh sc .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alaa abdul zahra plays for tractor sazi f . c .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union .
aleksandre guruli plays for as lyon - duchere .
aleksandre guruli plays for azal pfk .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dila gori .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is fc dinamo batumi .
aleksandre guruli played for fc karpaty lviv .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc zestafoni .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national football team .
aleksandre guruli played for the olympique lyonnais club .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is us boulogne .
aleksandre guruli ' s club is us lesquin .
alex tyus plays for anadolu efes s . k .
larry maguire is the leader of brandon , manitoba .
the houston texans play in houston .
alessandro dal canto is the coach of the italian national under 17 football team .
the jacksonville dolphins are based in the city of jacksonville , florida .
patrick allen is a political leader in jamaica .
los angeles rams play in los angeles .
luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
the leader of regina , saskatchewan is the legislative assembly of saskatchewan .
st louis is part of the kingdom of france .
the leader of st . louis is francis g . slay .
joe vitt is a coach for the st . louis rams .
11 diagonal street is located in johannesburg .
the floor area of 200 public square is 111484 square metres .
200 public square has a floor count of 45 .
200 public square is located in cleveland , ohio 44114 .
rafael vinoly is the architect of 20 fenchurch street .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
20 fenchurch street has a floor count of 34 .
20 fenchurch street is located in london .
the building of 250 delaware avenue began in january 2014 .
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million dollars .
the 320 south boston building was formerly called the " exchange national bank building " .
the 3arena was designed by the architectural company populous .
the 3arena is a concerts and events venue .
the 3arena was completed in december 2008 .
the 3arena is 28 metres high .
the 3arena is located on north wall quay .
the 3arena is located in dublin .
the 3arena is located at north wall , dublin .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka .
ahmedabad is in india .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture .
akita prefecture is located in japan .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad .
ampara hospital has 476 beds .
asser levy public baths is located in asser levy place and east 23rd street .
julia morgan was born in california .
julia morgan was born in san francisco .
julia morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan has designed many significant buildings , including the riverside art museum .
the leader of london is the parliament of the united kingdom .
gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
marriott international was founded in washington , d . c .
marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland .
new york city is in the united states .
pacific grove , california is in the united states .
the leader of south africa is jacob zuma .
sri jayawardenepura kotte is the capital of sri lanka .
the currency of sri lanka is the sri lankan rupee .
ranil wickremesinghe is the leader of sri lanka .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the escape velocity of 1000 piazzia is 0 . 0252 kilometres per second .
1001 gaussia was formerly known as " 1923 oaa907 xc " .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 0 . 0925 km / sec .
the celestial body known as ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 has a mass of 5 . 6kg .
the orbital period of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 8788850000 . 0 .
the periapsis of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 6155910000000 . 0 .
abilene is part of taylor county , texas .
abilene , texas has a population density of 429 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
adams township , madison county , indiana is located within the united states .
akron , ohio is in the u . s .
akron , ohio is located at 306 . 0 above sea level .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
akron , ohio is part of the u . s .
the population density of akron , ohio , is 1239 . 3 ( inhabitants per square kilometre ) .
albany , georgia is in the united states .
anaheim , california has a utc offset of - 8 .
the area codes for anaheim , california are 657 and 714 .
anaheim , california has a total area of water of 25 . 2 square kilometres .
the total area of anaheim california is 131 . 6 square kilometres .
anaheim is in california , in the united states .
anaheim , california is located at 48 . 0 above sea level .
anaheim is part of california .
anaheim is part of orange county , california .
tom tait is the leader of anaheim , california .
anderson is a city in indiana .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana .
anderson is part of madison county , indiana .
anderson is part of union township , madison county , indiana .
ann arbor is part of michigan .
ann arbor , michigan is led by the politician christopher taylor .
antioch , california has a utc offset of - 8 .
the total area of antioch california is 75 . 324 square kilometres .
antioch is part of california .
the leader of antioch , california is the mayor .
the area code for atlanta is 404 .
the area codes for atlanta are 404 , 678 and 470 .
the area of land in atlanta is 344 . 9 square kilometres .
atlanta is in the united states .
atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia .
don guardian leads atlantic city , new jersey .
the clerk is the municipal official leader of atlantic city , new jersey .
the leader of atlantic city , new jersey is called the mayors of atlantic city , new jersey .
the population density of atlantic city , new jersey , is 1421 . 2 inhabitants per sq km .
the area code for auburn , alabama is 334 .
debbie wasserman schultz is the chairperson of the democratic party in the united states .
fall creek township , madison county , indiana is in the united states .
fountain county , indiana is located in the united states .
covington is the county seat of fountain county , indiana .
atlanta is the county seat of fulton county , georgia .
lansing is the capital of michigan .
monroe township , madison county , indiana is located in the united states .
the largest city in new jersey is newark .
pierce county , washington is located within the united states .
tacoma is the largest city in pierce county , washington .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
americans inhabit the u . s .
native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
english is the language of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , which is in steuben county .
the full name of bibbo bibbowski is bo bibbowski .
the comic character , blockbuster , was created by gardner fox .
bionico is found in the region of jalisco .
chicken is classed as a bird .
lemper is a variation of arem - arem .
banana leaf is an ingredient in arem - arem .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska .
batchoy comes from the region of la paz , iloilo city .
beef kway teow is a dish found in indonesia and singapore .
vajubhai vala is the leader of karnataka .
the aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
the aidastella was completed on march 11th 2013 .
the aidastella had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4hp18qe transmission .
the alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
gabriela michetti is a leader in argentina .
the desoto custom and the chrysler newport are related means of transportation .
the fiat croma is related to the alfa romeo 164 .
the star spangled banner is the anthem of the united states .
american motors was succeeded by eagle .
the aston martin v8 was assembled at newport pagnell .
the aston martin v8 is assembled in the united kingdom .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade .
the currency of turkey is the turkish lira .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
adonis georgiadis was in office under antonis samaras , prime minister .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
albert b . white is married to agnes ward white .
alberto teisaire was a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfred moore scales started his career on 1875 - 03 - 04 .
aaron s . daggett fought in the american civil war .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of salem church .
aaron s . daggett was born in greene , maine .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine .
aaron s . daggett died in massachusetts .
aaron s . daggett died in west roxbury .
ab klink ' s alma mater is erasmus university rotterdam .
ab klink was born in stellendam .
ab klink is a national of the netherlands .
ab klink worked as a member of the house of representatives .
ab klink worked as a member of the senate .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the " barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak " party .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office while mike akhigbe was vice president .
abel caballero was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister .
abner w . sibal was born april 11th , 1921 .
abner w . sibal represented connecticut ' s 4th congressional district .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff is a us national .
abraham a . ribicoff worked as governor of connecticut .
john n dempsey succeeded abraham a ribicoff .
adam holloway was involved in gulf war battles .
adam holloway was born in faversham , kent , england .
adam holloway was born in faversham .
adam holloway was in the grenadier guards in the military .
adam holloway is a british national .
adam koc fought in world war i .
adam koc was born in congress , poland .
adam koc was born in suwalki .
adam koc is a polish national .
adenan satem was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo .
adenan satem was in office while abdul taib mahmud was vice president .
adolf scharf was born in austria - hungary .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens .
adonis georgiadis worked as the minister for health .
adonis georgiadis worked as the spokesman of popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis worked as vice president of new democracy .
adonis georgiadis worked at the ministry of health in greece .
airey neave was in the battle of france .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge .
airey neave served in the royal artillery .
albert b . white ended his career on 1905 - 03 - 04 .
albert b . white was born 22nd september 1856 .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol .
alfred moore scales is from the united states .
alfred moore scales was governor of north carolina .
alfred moore scales is a member of the democratic party in the united states .
daniel gould fowle succeeded alfred moore scales .
alfred moore scales was succeeded by james madison leach .
the politician james w . reid succeeded alfred moore scales .
alfred n . phillips ended his career on 1939 - 01 - 03 .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut .
allan shivers worked as the governor of texas .
the battle of gettysburg was part of the american civil war conflict .
the united states army was involved in battles of the american revolutionary war .
aek athens f . c . ' s ground is in athens .
the azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the eredivisie in the 2014 - 15 season .
akron , ohio is in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
amsterdam ' s leader is eberhard van der laan .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
1 . fc koln played in the 2014 season .
1 . fc koln played the 2014 - 15 season in the bundesliga .
a . c . cesena ' s ground is the stadio dino manuzzi .
a . c . chievo verona ' s home ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi .
a . c . chievo verona ' s ground is in verona .
afc fylde ' s ground is bryning lane .
afc fylde ' s ground is kellamergh park .
afc fylde ' s ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire .
afc fylde ' s ground is in lancashire .
afc fylde ' s ground is warton , fylde .
afc fylde play in the national league north .
dave challinor is the manager of a . f . c . fylde .
afc fylde has 3180 members .
afc fylde played in the 2014 season .
a . f . c . fylde played the 2014 - 15 season in the football conference .
the full name of a . s . gubbio 1910 is " associazione sportiva gubbio 1910 srl " .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has the ground stadio pietro barbetti .
a . s . gubbio 1910 is in the serie d league .
a . s . gubbio 1910 were in the 2014 season .
a . s . gubbio 1910 played in the lega pro during the 2014 - 15 season .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is associazione sportiva .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio is in livorno .
a . s . roma ' s full name is associazione sportiva roma s . p . a .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome , italy .
a . s . roma ' s ground is in rome .
a . s . roma ' s ground is stadio olimpico .
a . s . roma play in serie a .
luciano spalletti manages a . s . roma .
the full name of afc ajax is amsterdamsche football club ajax .
afc ajax has 53502 members .
afc ajax is owned by afc ajax nv .
afc ajax played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) played in the topklasse in the 2014 - 2015 season .
azal pfk stands for " azal pes @ kar futbol klubu " .
azal arena is the ground of azal pfk .
azal pfk has 3500 members .
azal pfk played in season 2014 .
azal pfk played in the azerbaijan premier league , 2014 - 15 .
alkmaar zaanstreek is the full name of az alkmaar .
az alkmaar ' s ground is afas stadion .
john van den brom manages the az alkmaar .
max huiberts is the owner of az alkmaar .
robert eenhoorn is the owner of az alkmaar .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 season .
the chairman of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is called president .
the full name of agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is " agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense " .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is nicknamed " alvinegro " .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is nicknamed asa gigante .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense played in the 2015 season .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
akron , ohio is located within the united states .
dave laughlin is the chairman of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault is based in akron , ohio .
denzil antonio was the manager of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 season .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season .
amsterdam noord is part of amsterdam .
the mayor of athens is giorgos kaminis .
qarabag fk are the champions of the azerbaijan premier league .
the leader of blackpool is the conservative party ( uk ) .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool .
the leader of blackpool is the labour party ( uk ) .
vila nova futebol clube are the champions of campeonato brasileiro serie c .
the campeonato brasileiro serie c is from brazil .
christian panucci plays for a . s . livorno calcio .
christian panucci plays for a . s . roma .
christian panucci plays for genoa c . f . c .
christian panucci plays for the italy national football team .
christian panucci played for the club real madrid cf .
dave challinor plays for a . f . c . fylde .
dave challinor is at bury fc .
dave challinor is at colwyn bay fc .
dave challinor plays for stockport county f . c .
dave challinor is affiliated with the tranmere rovers f . c .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in alagoas .
estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca is located in arapiraca .
barrow a . f . c . team won the championship in the national league north .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense were in campeonato brasileiro serie c in 2015 .
mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is meride .
the capital of romania is bucharest .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
1634 : the bavarian crisis has 448 pages .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by 1634 : the baltic war .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by grantville gazette ii .
1634 : the bavarian crisis is preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the galileo affair is followed by 1634 : the ram rebellion .
acm transactions on information systems is abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long .
a fortress of grey ice was published by tor books .
a long long way was published by viking press .
the oclc number of a loyal character dancer is 49805501 .
a loyal character dancer was penned by qiu xiaolong .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states .
a loyal character dancer is written in english .
a loyal character dancer is in print .
a loyal character dancer is a hardcover book .
a loyal character dancer is 360 pages long .
a loyal character dancer is published by soho press .
the isbn number of a severed wasp is 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp has the library of congress classification ps3523 . e55 s4 1982 .
springer science & business media is the publisher of acta mathematica hungarica .
aenir was written by garth nix .
aenir is an australian book .
the novel aenir was followed by above the veil .
aenir is available in print form .
aenir is a paperback .
aenir has 233 pages .
aenir is preceded by the novel castle .
the isbn number of " alcatraz versus the evil librarians " is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a book which can be placed in the genre of fantasy literature .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy literature book .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a book .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a hardcover book .
english is spoken in great britain .
into battle is a novel that australians have purchased .
the novel " into battle " was followed by " the violet keystone " .
ring of fire ii was preceded by 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
washington d . c . is the capital of the united states .
viking press is located in the united states .
the author of weymouth sands is john cowper powys .
the novel maiden castle followed weymouth sands .
harcourt is the publisher of wizards at war .
wolf solent was followed by a glastonbury romance .
the surface of the 1st runway at alderney airport is poaceae which is in the class monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 1st runway is made of asphalt .
infraero is located in brasilia and operates afonso pena international airport .
the 1st runway at abilene regional airport is made of asphalt and the airport is 546 metres above sea level .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of lake placid and also saranac lake in new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid ; its runway length is 3500 .
al asad airbase is found in iraq and has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan where mamnoon hussain is a leader .
alpena county regional airport is 210 metres above sea level and has the location identifier apn .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 1st runway has the number 18 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is at an elevation of - 3 . 3528 from sea level and the 4th runway has an asphalt surface .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin and is 280 metres above sea level .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is signed to philips records .
alan frew ' s genre is rock music and bhangra music is a fusion genre .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer who performs pop music .
alfredo zitarrosa has a background as a solo singer and his musical genre is milonga .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band which plays pop music .
aaron turner , a performer of the musical genre post metal , played with the band twilight .
aaron turner played progressive metal with the band twilight .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and with bobina .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and with mark sixma .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
alan bean , born in wheeler , texas , served as a test pilot .
alan bean , who was picked by nasa in 1963 , spent 100305 minutes in space .
william anders and frank borman were both crew members of apollo 8 .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and played for the new england patriots .
akeem ayers was number 39 in the draft pick and played for tennessee titans .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies and sheikh russel kc .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
abner plays for the coritiba football club and also for real madrid castilla .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and az alkmaar .
adam mcquaid was born in canada in 1986 .
adam mcquaid was born in charlottetown in 1986 .
adam mcquaid was born on prince edward island in 1986 .
adam mcquaid ' s draft team was the columbus blue jackets , based in the city of columbus , ohio .
alaa abdul zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc and the iraq national under 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club and al - khor sports club .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm which is managed by gadzhi gadzhiyev .
alessio romagnoli is in the italian national under 16 ' s football team coached by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli plays for the italian national under 17 football team which is coached by alessandro dal canto .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba where the leader is larry maguire .
abner is a footballer for the cd fas club which plays in the salvadoran primera division .
alex plante was born in canada where the national anthem is o canada .
108 st georges terrace has a floor count of 50 and cost 120 million australian dollars .
108 st . georges terrace is located in perth , australia .
helmut jahn is the architect of 11 diagonal street which was completed in 1983 .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , a country where one of the ethnic groups is asian south africans .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where white south africans are an ethnic group .
cyril ramaphosa is a leader in south africa where 11 diagonal street is located .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , where the leader is jacob zuma .
200 public square , completed in 1985 , has 45 floors .
200 public square , which has 45 floors , is located in cleveland , ohio 44114 .
20 fenchurch street has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres and the building was started in january 2009 .
20 fenchurch street , completed april 2014 , has a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
the 320 south boston building has 22 floors and is 121 . 92 metres high .
asser levy public baths , constructed in 1904 , is located in asser levy place and east 23rd street .
amdavad ni gufa is located in india , where the leader is t s thakur .
marriott international , founded in washington , d . c . , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
marriott international is located in bethesda , maryland and is a tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and are the current tenants of alan b miller hall .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the english language is spoken .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states , where joe biden is a leader .
the escape velocity of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is 0 . 0925 km / s and its apoapsis is 6603633000 . 0 km .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
101 helena has an escape velocity of 0 . 0348 kilometres per second and its apoapsis is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms and an apoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
10 hygiea has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas , in the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas , in the united states .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas , in the united states .
arlington is part of tarrant county in the state of texas .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , in the united states .
albany , georgia is in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is located in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
austin , texas is located in the united states , where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
akron , ohio is located in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the united states is the location of albuquerque , new mexico , and includes the native americans among its ethnic groups .
attica , indiana is in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are native americans .
auburn , washington is located in the united states , where one of the ethnic groups are native americans .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , which starred alan tudyk .
the comic book character amazing - man , aka john aman , was created by bill everett .
april o ' neil was created by peter laird and kevin eastman .
the comic character arion is also known as ahri ' ahn and was created by paul kupperberg .
the comic character arion is also known as ahri ' ahn and was created by jan duursema .
the comic character auron was created by karl kesel and walt simonson .
the comic character , balder has the alternative name , balder odinson and was created by stan lee .
the comic character , balder has the alternative name of balder odinson and was created by jack kirby .
the comic character , balder , was created by jack kirby and stan lee .
bananaman the tv series was shown on the bbc which is located in broadcasting house in london .
bananaman was shown on the bbc which is located in london .
bill oddie stars in bananaman which is broadcast by the bbc .
bill oddie starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by stv .
bill oddie starred in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 .
bill oddie , who stars in bananaman , was born in rochdale .
graeme garden stars in bananaman which first aired on 3 october 1983 .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman , which was broadcast by the bbc .
tim brooke - taylor , star of bananaman , was born in buxton .
tim brooke - taylor , star of bananaman , was born in england .
tim brooke - taylor , star of bananaman , was born in the u . k .
baymax was created by duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 , starring ryan potter .
duncan rouleau created the character baymax , which appeared in big hero 6 .
damon wayans jr . starred in the film big hero 6 in which the character baymax appeared .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred jamie chung .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred maya rudolph .
baymax is a character in big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
scott adsit , who was born in northbrook , illinois , provides the voice for the character baymax .
alan tudyk stars in the film big hero 6 in which baymax is a character .
sheldon moldoff , creator of black pirate , has won the inkpot award .
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and roger stern .
the comic character blockbuster was created by gardner fox and tom lyle .
the comic character blockbuster was created by roger stern and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt was created by paris cullins from the united states .
bozo the iron man , whose full name is hugh hazzard , was created by george brenner .
dane whitman black , also known as dane whitman , was created by john buscema in the comics genre .
dane whitman , a . k . a . black knight , was created by john buscema and roy thomas .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
the main ingredient of binignit is banana and the dish comes from the philippines .
bhajji originates from india and the main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables .
the 1955 dodge , also known as the dodge coronet , has a v8 engine .
the 1955 dodge has a v8 engine and a hardtop .
the 1955 dodge is a sedan with a v8 engine .
the 1955 dodge and the desoto custom are related means of transport in that they are both cars . the desoto is the manufacturer of the desoto custom .
the 1955 dodge , the desoto custom and the chrysler newport are all cars .
the 1955 dodge , the desoto custom and the plymouth plaza are related means of transportation .
the 1955 dodge and the plymouth plaza are related means of transport in that they are both cars . plymouth are the manufacturers of the plymouth plaza .
the a - rosa luna was built by neptun werft , located in germany .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres in length and was completed on april 6th , 2005 .
the a - rosa luna is 125800 . 0 millimetres long and has 2 mtu 16v 2000 m60 engines .
aida cruises , located in germany , operates the ship aidaluna .
the aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and its service was started on the 17th of march , 2013 .
the aidastella is 253260 . 0 millimetres in length and had its maiden voyage on march 17th 2013 .
the aidastella is a 253260 . 0 millimetre long sphinx - class cruise ship .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was produced between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the alco rs - 3 has a four - stroke engine and was built by the american locomotive company .
the alco rs - 3 has a v12 engine and was built by the american locomotive company .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by the american locomotive company .
the american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york and built the alco rs - 3 .
the american locomotive company was founded in the united states and built the alco rs - 3 .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company located in the united states .
the alco rs - 3 , with its v12 engine , was produced from may 1950 to august 1956 .
alv x - 1 hails from the us where the star spangled banner is the national anthem .
alv x - 1 hails from the us , where washington d . c . is the capital .
the alv x - 1 originated in the united states where americans live .
alv x - 1 hails from the us where african americans are an ethnic group .
the alv x - 1 originated in the united states , a country where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and had one failed launch .
the alv x - 1 was manufactured by alliant techsystems who also produce the xm25 cdte .
the alv x - 1 has a diameter of 1 . 524 metres and a total of 1 launches .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and is assembled in mexico .
the amc matador is assembled in the usa including in the year 1971 .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and was assembled in kenosha , wisconsin .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and is assembled in mexico city .
the amc matador is available in a 1974 model and is assembled in mexico city .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and is assembled in port melbourne , victoria .
the amc matador is available in a 1974 model and is assembled in port melbourne , victoria .
the amc matador is available in a 1971 model and is assembled in thames , new zealand .
the amc matador is available in a 1974 model and is assembled in thames , new zealand .
amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was acquired by chrysler .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina and its ship beam is 24 . 4 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is manufactured by abarth who were founded in bologna .
the abarth 1000 gt has a straight - four engine and a coupe body style .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was designed by gruppo bertone which was founded in italy .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was designed by gruppo bertone which was founded in turin .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was designed by gruppo bertone from italy .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is manufactured by abarth who were founded in italy .
abarth was founded by carlo abarth and is the manufacturer of the abarth 1000 gt coupe .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe and the last one rolled off the production line in 1958 .
the acura tlx has a v6 engine and is assembled in marysville , ohio .
the acura tlx has a honda j engine which was manufactured by honda .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine which was manufactured by honda .
the acura tlx has a v6 engine and is made at the marysville auto plant .
honda makes the acura tlx which has a 2 . 4 liter engine .
honda makes the acura tlx which has a 3 . 5 litre engine .
the acura tlx has a honda k engine and is manufactured by honda .
the alhambra is 63800 . 0 millimetres long and had its maiden voyage on july 7th , 1855 .
alhambra is owned by the london based company p & o .
the alhambra , built by the samuda brothers , has a humphrys , tennant and dykes power type .
the alhambra is powered by a humphrys , tennant and dykes engine who are located in london .
the alhambra , which was wrecked , had a ship beam of 8 . 3 metres .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and a top speed of 18 . 52 .
the alhambra , which is 63800 . 0 millimetres long , has a geared steam engine humphrys , tennant and dykes 140hp .
the alvis speed 25 has a petrol engine and a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry .
the alvis speed 25 was made by the alvis car and engineering company which was succeeded by the rover co .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and its final flight was on july 13th 2014 .
the antares rocket was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport and its final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the antares rocket was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and had its final flight on 28th october 2014 .
the antares rocket , which is comparable to the delta ii , was launched from the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the ara veinticinco de mayo ( v - 2 ) comes from argentina where mauricio macri is the leader .
the ariane 5 was launched at ela - 3 and was manufactured at the esa and arianespace .
the european space agency manufactured the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
arianespace is the manufacturer of ariane 5 and it was launched at ela - 3 .
the aston martin v8 and aston martin dbs are a related means of transport as they are both made by aston martin .
the atlas ii originated from the u . s and was launched from vandenberg afb space launch complex 3 .
the atlas ii is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the atlas ii originated from the u . s . where the leader is known as the president .
the atlas ii originated from the u . s and was launched from the cape canaveral air force station .
costa crociere is in genoa and owned by aidastella .
the owner of the aidastella is italy ' s costa crociere .
the antares rocket is comparable with the delta ii which was launched from cape canaveral air force station .
the alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3m and was launched on 31st may 1855 .
the alvis speed 25 has a 4387 . 00 cc engine and a transmission system comprising a single plate clutch , separate 4 - speed gearbox all - silent and all - syncromesh , centre change lever , open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints and spiral bevel fully floating back axle .
the amc matador is manufactured by american motors which was succeeded by eagle .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , established in 2000 , is categorized as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument , in the municipality of gettysburg , pennsylvania , is categorized as a contributing property .
adam holloway , who was born in kent , resides in gravesend .
airey neave , who served in the royal artillery , was awarded the military cross .
ab klink is a national of the netherlands , the leader of which , is mark rutte .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and belongs to the christian democratic appeal party .
ab klink was born in stellendam and belongs to the christian democratic appeal party .
abdul rahman ya ' kub , who succeeded abdul taib mahmud , was in office whilst tuanku bujang tuanku othman was vice president .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the " barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak " party .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and resides in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in the kingdom of sarawak , was succeeded by sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , is a member of the " barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak " party .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak party .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , was succeeded by abdul rahman ya ' kub .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , was succeeded by sulaiman abdul rahman taib .
abdul taib mahmud , who was born in miri , malaysia , lives in kuching .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , spain .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abel caballero was born in spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was in office whilst juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
abel caballero , who was born in ponteareas , was in office whilst juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
abel caballero , who was born in spain , was in office whilst juan carlos i of spain was monarch .
abel caballero was in office during the reign of king juan carlos i of spain who was born in rome .
abel caballero was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain who preceded alfonso xiii of spain .
abel caballero was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain who succeeded francisco franco .
abel caballero was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain . queen sofia of spain is the wife of juan carlos i of spain .
abel caballero was in office while felipe gonzalez was prime minister who succeeded rodolfo llopis .
abner w . sibal fought during wwii and chiang kai - shek was a commander in that war .
abner w . sibal fought during wwii and franklin d . roosevelt was a commander in that war .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , which battled in the american civil war .
abner w . sibal served in the united states army , which battled in the spanish - american war .
abner w . sibal was born april 11th , 1921 , and was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
abner w . sibal , born in ridgewood , queens , was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and died in the u . s .
john major was a commander in the gulf war in which adam holloway was involved .
alfred moore scales is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
alfred moore scales is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the alma mater of alfred moore scales , who was succeeded by daniel gould fowle , was the university of north carolina at chapel hill .
alfred moore scales , governor of north carolina , was succeeded by daniel gould fowle .
alfred moore scales , governor of north carolina , was succeeded by james madison leach .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and he was born in connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and was the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district and he was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips was part of the u . s . house of representatives and was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states , army , which was involved in the american revolutionary war .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states , army , which was involved in the invasion of grenada .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states , army , which fought in the korean war .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states army , which fought in the spanish - american war .
alfred n . phillips served in the united states , army , which fought in the whiskey rebellion battle .
alvah sabin was a member of the united states whig party , whose leader is daniel webster .
alvah sabin was a member of the united states whig party whose leader was henry clay .
alvah sabin , who retired on 3rd march 1857 , represented vermont .
alvah sabin represented vermont and later died in sycamore , illinois .
alvah sabin worked as the secretary of the state of vermont .
alvah sabin was from vermont where the largest city is burlington .
albert jennings fountain fought in the american civil war , where abraham lincoln was a commander .
alfons gorbach died in austria , the leader of which , is doris bures .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam and the commander of the battle was robert e . lee .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of chancellorsville , which was part of the american civil war conflict .
gerd von rundstedt was a commander in the battle of france in which airey neave fought .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of salem church where robert e . lee was a commander .
alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron , a member of the labour party , was president .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
rolando maran , born in italy , is the manager of ac chievo verona .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and were in the 2014 - 15 a epsth , greece .
afc fylde has 3180 members and its ground is in lancashire .
paulo sousa is the manager of the acf fiorentina , he played for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has the full name of acf fiorentina s . p . a . and has 47290 members .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst , with jong ajax as the tenant .
azal pfk is located in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan and play their home matches at the azal arena .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and played for fc sachsen leipzig .
massimo drago has been the manager of a c cesena and plays for s . s . d . potenza calcio .
verona , italy is the home to a . c . chievo verona who play in serie a .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and its home ground is stadio marc ' antonio bentegodi .
associazione calcio chievo verona is managed by rolando maran , who plays at the carrarese calcio .
rolando maran has managed ac chievo verona and is in the f . c . bari 1908 club .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for a . c . chievo verona .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini has been manager of ac lumezzane and is attached to fc bari 1908 .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for torino f . c .
michele marcolini manages the a . c . lumezzane and plays for vicenza calcio .
a . c . lumezzane has 4150 members and plays in the lega pro league .
a . s . gubbio 1910 , with 5300 members , played in the lega pro during the 2014 - 15 season .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members and has a ground in livorno , italy .
a . s . livorno calcio has 19238 members and has a ground in livorno .
a . s . livorno calcio play in serie b and their ground is the stadio armando picchi .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is nicknamed " alvinegro " and has 17000 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense is nicknamed asa gigante and has 17000 members .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and is managed by vica .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense has 17000 members and played in the 2015 season .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense competed in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c and their ground holds 17000 fans .
dave laughlin is the chairman of akron summit assault which has 3000 members .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio .
st vincent - st mary high school , located in the united states , is the ground of akron summit assault .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in ohio .
akron summit assault play in the premier development league , which was previously won by k - w united fc .
the ground for aek athens fc is the olympic stadium ( athens ) which is located in athens .
a fortress of grey ice is 672 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a long long way was published in print & paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a severed wasp , published in hardback , has the oclc number 8805735 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce and eric flint , was preceded by grantville gazette ii .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
above the veil was written by garth nix and has the oclc number 46451790 .
the american journal of mathematics , also known as am . j . math , has an eissn number of 1080 .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
a severed wasp is from the united states , where one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where white americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the language is english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the language is english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where the language is english .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where barack obama is the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where barack obama is the president .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the president .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the leader is known as the president .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president .
a glastonbury romance , isbn number 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 , is available in print .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which serves the region of new jersey and is based at the four world trade centre .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 8 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas and is 973 metres above sea level . the runway length is 929 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where austin is the capital .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital city is austin and the local people are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where the capital city is austin and the local inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the inhabitants are called texans .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states where the english language is spoken .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the inhabitants have the demonym of tejano and the spoken language is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , where spanish is spoken and austin is the capital .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where spanish is one of the spoken languages .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo at 159 metres above sea level with a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo at 159 metres above sea level with a runway length of 4000 . 0 .
antwerp international airport , which serves the city of antwerp , is operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport , serving the city of antwerp , is operated by the flemish government and owned by the flemish region .
the owner of antwerp international airport is the flemish region and the operating organisation is the flemish government . the runway length is 600 . 0 .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and is operated by the flemish department of mobility and public works . the airport is 12 metres above sea level .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin which is part of grand chute , wisconsin . appleton is part of kimberly , wisconsin .
appleton international airport serves the city of appleton , wisconsin . appleton is part of both little chute and grand chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin at 280 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1982 .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin at 280 metres above sea level with a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
the appleton international airport is in greenville , wisconsin , united states . greenville is part of ellington , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states , and greenville is part of dale , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states . greenville is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
appleton international airport is located in greenville , wisconsin , united states , and greenville is part of menasha ( town ) , wisconsin .
outagamie county , wisconsin is the operating organisation of appleton international airport which is elevated 280 metres above sea level . it also has a runway length of 1 , 982 metres .
outagamie county , wisconsin is the operating organisation of appleton international airport which is elevated 280 metres above sea level . it also has a runway length of 2439 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is elevated 34 . 0 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 518 . 0 . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) ' s 3rd runway surface type is poaceae which is a flowering plant and belongs to the class monocotyledon .
the port authority of new york and new jersey is the operating organisation of atlantic city international airport . the runway name is 4 / 22 and it has a length of 1873 . 0 .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and his genre is psychedelia .
abradab , who was born on 12 november 1978 , played with the band kaliber 44 and is musically associated with the rapper magik .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi and plays rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of that music .
aleksandra kovac is part of the pop music genre and part of the k2 ( kovac sisters duo ) and is associated with the musical artist bebi dol .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london , where boris johnson is a leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london , where boris johnson is a leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in london . the majority in manchester is the labour party .
alison o ' donnell was a member of the flibbertigibbet band and is an artist for the band mellow candle ; her genre is folk rock music .
alison o ' donnell was in the bands mellow candle and the flibbertigibbet band . she performs psychedelic folk music .
alison o ' donnell performs folk rock music and is signed to deram records and static caravan recordings .
alison o ' donnell performs jazz music and was a member of the flibbertigibbet band . she is associated with bajik .
alan bean was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott .
alan shepard died on 1998 - 07 - 21 in california where dianne feinstein is a senator .
buzz aldrin , also known as edwin e . aldrin , jr . , was a crew member of apollo 11 and in 1963 graduated from massachusetts institute of technology with a sc . d .
alan martin played football for motherwell fc and accrington stanley fc , whose ground is in accrington .
aleksander barkov jr was born in tampere , finland on 2 september 1995 and his draft team was the florida panthers .
alessio romagnoli , who played for the italian national under - 16 football team , is a member of the a . c . milan club which is managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and is in the italian national under 16 ' s football team coached by daniele zoratto .
italian born alessio romagnoli is in the country ' s national under 17 ' s club and has represented the club u . c . sampdoria .
alex plante , who is 1 . 9304 m in height and whose club is anyang halla , was born in canada .
alex tyus plays in the euroleague for the club maccabi ashdod bc who are coached by zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow who play at the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov played youth football for fc spartak moscow , whose home ground is the otkrytiye arena . he later played for fc anzhi makhachkala .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team and for hull city afc who are managed by steve bruce .
aaron hunt plays for hamburger sv and sv werder bremen ii . the manager of sv werder bremen ii is alexander nouri .
aaron hunt played for sv werder bremen , where viktor skrypnyk is the manager , and also for hamburger sv .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth team sv werder bremen , plays for both goslarer sc 08 and sv werder bremen ii .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth team sv werder bremen , now plays for both vfl wolfsburg and goslarer sc 08 .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth club sv werder bremen , now plays for vfl wolfsburg and hamburger sv .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth team sv werder bremen , now plays for both vfl wolfsburg and sv werder bremen ii .
aaron hunt , who played for the youth club goslarer sc 08 , now plays for vfl wolfsburg and hamburger sv .
aaron hunt plays for vfl wolfsburg and hamburger sv . dieter hecking manages vfl wolfsburg .
abel hernandez plays for the club , u . s . citta di palermo and his club is penarol which is managed by jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team and also for penarol , where jorge orosman da silva is the manager .
iraqi born , alaa abdul zahra , plays for the al - wakrah sport club and also for the tractor sazi fc .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , russia and plays for the soviet union national football team and fc torpedo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and he plays for the soviet union national football team as well as for fc torpedo moscow .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , russia and died in russia where the leader is vladimir putin .
aleksandr prudnikov , who was born on 24 february 1989 , plays for fc tom tomsk and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandre guruli , who is 178 . 0 cm tall , played for fc karpaty lviv and as lyon - duchere .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the currency is the pound sterling and the leader is elizabeth ii .
250 delaware avenue has 12 floors and a total floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres . its construction began in january 2014 .
250 delaware avenue cost 110 million dollars , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
250 delaware avenue is a building in buffalo , new york with 12 floors and a start date of january 2014 .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , which is part of erie county new york . the leader of buffalo , new york is byron brown .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york , where byron brown is the leader .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky in copenhagen , which was designed by the architects of the 3xn firm .
adare manor , owned by jp mcmanus , was designed by lewis nockalls cottingham and completed in 1862 .
adisham hall , haputale , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style of architecture .
adisham hall , haputale , sri lanka , was completed in 1931 and has the tudor revival style of architecture .
the mason school of business is located in the united states and is a tenant of the alan b miller hall in virginia .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall , which is located in virginia , united states .
the mason school of business is a tenant of the alan b miller hall in virginia , united states .
the celestial body known as 10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres , an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 and a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 .
the epoch of ( 19255 ) 1994 vk8 is on 31 december 2006 . it has a periapsis of 6155910000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 km .
410777 2009 fd , which has a mass of 8 . 3 kgs , was discovered by spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
410777 2009 fd , which was discovered by spacewatch , has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
the celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000 . its epoch date is 27 june 2015 .
the celestial body known as ( 410777 ) 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000 . it has an apoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
410777 2009 fd was discovered by spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 . its epoch date is 27th june 2015 .
the epoch of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 , formerly known as 1999 sn5 , is on the 13th of january 2016 . the periapsis of ( 66063 ) 1998 ro1 is 41498400000 . 0 .
103 hera was discovered by james craig watson whose alma mater was the university of michigan and who died from peritonitis .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera and died from peritonitis .
the epoch of 1089 tama , formerly known as " 1930 st ; 1952 he4 " is 2005 - 11 - 26 and it has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama ( formerly a894 va ; a904 vd ) has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of 26 november 2005 .
the epoch date of 1089 tama , which has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 , is november 26th , 2005 . its former name is a894 va ; a904 vd .
1089 tama ( formerly a919 ha ; 1927 wb ) , has an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres , and the epoch date , 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama ( formerly a919 ha ; 1927 wb ) , has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 , and the epoch date , 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days , an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres and its epoch is 2005 - 11 - 26 .
the celestial body known as 1089 tama has a temperature of 179 kelvins , an escape velocity of 0 . 0068 km per sec and an apoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kms .
1097 vicia , formerly known as " 1928 pc " , has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 and an epoch date of 2006 . 12 . 31 .
1099 figneria has an epoch date of december 31st 2006 , a mass of 2 . 7 kg and an orbital period of 179942000 . 0 .
the epoch of 1101 clematis is december 31st , 2006 . it has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 and a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres . its epoch is on the 31st of july 2016 .
1101 clematis has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms , an escape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 520906000 . 0 kilometres .
11264 claudiomaccone has an epoch date of november 26th 2005 , a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins and an apoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres .
11264 claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days , a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and an epoch date of 26th november 2005 .
alpharetta , is part of the u . s . state , georgia , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
arlington , texas is 184 . 0 above sea level , has a total area of 258 . 2 sq km and a population density of 1472 inhabitants per sq km .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the us . houston is the largest city in texas .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
the native americans are an ethnic group within the united states where albuquerque , new mexico is located and led by the state senate .
auburn is part of alabama in the united states , where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon in the united states , a country which includes the ethnic group of native americans .
albany is a city in oregon in the u . s . the capital of that state is salem .
albuquerque , new mexico has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres , of which 486 . 2 is land . the population density is 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km .
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate which leads albuquerque , new mexico , united states .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the albuquerque city council , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the new mexico house of representatives , has a total area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre .
albuquerque , new mexico , is led by the new mexico senate , has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per sq km and a total area of 490 . 9 sq km .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , the capital of which is indianapolis .
anderson , indiana is part of the anderson township , fall creek township , madison county , indiana in the united states .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states .
anderson is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland , union and is located in indiana , united states .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
atlantic city is part of new jersey , united states , where the largest city in new jersey is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states , the capital of which is washington , d . c .
atlantic city is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the largest city in the united states is new york city .
the municipal official titled the clerk leads atlantic city , new jersey which has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
attica is in indiana ( united states ) , where the state ' s capital is indianapolis .
attica is part of indiana in the united states , where the capital is washington dc .
african americans are an ethnic group in the united states , where the capital is washington dc and auburn , alabama is located .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital of washington dc and is the location of auburn , alabama .
austin , texas covers 686 . 0 square kilometres of land and has a total area of 703 . 95 square kilometres . the population density of austin is 1296 . 65 inhabitants per square kilometre .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
with a total area of 347 . 1 square kilometres , atlanta , has area codes 404 , 678 , and 470 , and a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
atlanta is part of dekalb county in georgia , united states .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia , where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
the bacon sandwich , made with bread , is a variation of the blt , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient of baked alaska , which is from the new york region and france .
baked alaska is from france , which leader is manuel valls and its currency is the euro .
sago is an ingredient of binignit which is a dessert course . a cookie is also a dessert .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome and pietro grasso is the leader .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where one of the ethnic groups are the igorot and one of the languages is arabic .
beef kway teow is a popular dish in singapore , where tony tan is the leader and the english language is spoken .
arem - arem is a javanese dish from indonesia that contains banana leaf .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where the leader is joko widodo and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
arem arem originates from the country of indonesia , where joko widodo is the leader and the language spoken is indonesian .
arem - arem is a javanese dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and the currency is the indonesian rupiah .
arem - arem is a food found in indonesia , where jusuf kalla is a leader and the language spoken is indonesian .
arem - arem is found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java , and the main ingredients are compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and it contains fried chicken as well as " squeezed " or " smashed " chicken served with sambal .
fried chicken is an ingredient in ayam penyet which comes from malaysia .
ayam penyet is a popular dish in malaysia , but originated in java where the baduy are an ethnic group .
ketchup can be added to a bacon sandwich , which is a variation of the blt , which is a variation of the club sandwich .
baked alaska , containing christmas pudding , is from france and new york .
baked alaska , which has ice cream as an ingredient , is from both the country of france and the region of new york .
barny cakes are found in france where french is the spoken language and gerard larcher is the leader .
barny cakes can be found in france where the leaders are francois hollande and gerard larcher .
barny cakes can be found in france where gerard larcher and manuel valls are leaders .
barny cakes contain 1 . 8 g of protein , 4 . 8 g of fat and 18 . 0g of carbohydrates .
batagor is found in the country of indonesia . it is a variation on the dish shumai and contains siomay .
batagor is a dish from the country of indonesia and the main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a dish from the country of indonesia , it includes peanut sauce and is served hot .
ajoblanco originates from the country of spain , where the language is spanish and spaniards are an ethnic group .
arros negre is a traditional dish from spain , where spaniards are an ethnic group and the spanish language is spoken .
ajoblanco originates from spain where the leader is felipe vi and the people are called spaniards .
ajoblanco originates from spain where spaniards are an ethnic group and felipe vi of spain is the leader .
ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain . the leader of the country is felipe vi .
the aidastella is owned by costa crociere and its operator is aida cruises , located in rostock .
amc matador is manufactured by american motors , acquired by chrysler , and includes key figure roy d . chapin jr .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 m .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland . it has a 21 . 2 m long ship beam .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland and is in service .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland and is still in service .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built in helsinki , finland , where the leader is juha sipila .
the icebreaker aleksey chirikov was built at the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and is still in service .
the ariane 5 was manufactured at the esa and arianespace , had its last flight on the guiana space centre , september 27 , 2003 .
the ariane 5 was manufactured at the esa and arianespace , had its last flight on december 18 , 2004 , and was launched from the guiana space centre .
caterpillar inc . was founded in california in the united states and powers the aidaluna .
caterpillar inc . was founded in the united states and is located in peoria , illinois . the power type of the aidaluna is the caterpillar inc . engine .
aida cruises owns the aidaluna which is powered by a caterpillar inc . engine . caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
aida cruises owns the aidaluna which is powered by the united states based caterpillar inc . engine .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is known locally as turk sehitleri aniti . the capital of the country is baku .
the national assembly is the legislative branch of government in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade . the country is the location of the baku turkish martyrs memorial .
abel caballero , born in galicia , spain , was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain , who preceded alfonso xiii of spain .
abel caballero , born in ponteareas , was in office during the reign of monarch , juan carlos i of spain , who preceded alfonso xiii of spain .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and was mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was succeeded by albert e . austin .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and worked as the secretary of the state of vermont . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of antietam , which was part of the american civil war . abraham lincoln was a commander in the american civil war .
aaron s . daggett fought at the battle of gettysburg , which was part of the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war .
gus poyet is in the real zaragoza club , has been manager of aek athens fc and has also played for chelsea fc .
luciano spalletti plays for empoli f . c . and udinese calcio . he also manages as roma .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the capital of the country is bucharest and the leader is the prime minister .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . the country ' s leader is the prime minister and its ethnic group is germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university , aarhus , was established in 1928 . aarhus has a magistrate government .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen and whose religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in denmark , whose leader is lars lokke rasmussen and whose monarchy is known as the monarchy of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association . the latin name of the school is " universitas aarhusiensis " .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark was established in 1928 and has 16000 students .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written by virginia demarce , has the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 and is available in print .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was written by eric flint , has an isbn number of 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 and was put in print .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , available in hardcover , was written by eric flint and has the isbn number 978 - 1 - 4165 - 4253 - 7 .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , written in english , was preceded by grantville gazette iii .
1634 : the bavarian crisis , which was written by eric flint , has 448 pages and was published in hardcover .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint , has 448 pages and is available in print form .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint and was preceded by 1634 : the ram rebellion which is written in english .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by virginia demarce and published in print . the isbn number of the book is 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion , written by eric flint , virginia demarce , et al . , has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 and is available as an e - book .
1634 : the ram rebellion , available in ebook , was written by virginia demarce and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) has the issn number 1558 - 2868 and the lccn number 89646863 .
acm transactions on information systems ( abbreviated to acm trans . inf . syst . ) is part of the academic discipline of computer science and has the lccn number 89646863 .
the aids journal , first published in 1987 , comes under the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins , based in the united states , with wolters kluwer as the parent company .
aip advances ( abbreviated to " aip adv . " ) has a coden code of " aaidbi " and was edited by vincent h . crespi , bernard s . gerstman , a . t . charlie johnson , masaaki tanaka , enge g . wang .
aip advances ( abbreviated to " aip adv . " ) has a coden code of " aaidbi " and an impact factor of 1 . 524 .
a t charlie johnson , who edited aip advances , studied at harvard university and is the doctoral advisor for michael tinkham .
a t charlie johnson is from the united states and his alma mater is harvard university . he is the editor of aip advances .
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and his alma mater is harvard university . he is the editor of aip advances .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv ) was edited by a . t . charlie johnson whose alma mater is harvard university .
harvard university is the alma mater of a t charlie johnson who edited aip advances which is published by the american institute of physics .
a t charlie johnson , editor of aip advances , published by american institute of physics , has stanford university for an alma mater .
a t charlie johnson , who edited aip advances , studied at stanford university and was the doctoral advisor to michael tinkham .
a t charlie johnson , who is the editor of aip advances , is from the united states and his doctoral advisor was michael tinkham .
a t charlie johnson lives in the us and is the editor of aip advances . his doctoral advisor was michael tinkham .
a t charlie johnson is from the united states and is the editor of aip advances . his alma mater is stanford university .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv ) was edited by a . t . charlie johnson who has stanford university for an alma mater .
the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 . it was written by j . v . jones and is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print . the isbn number of a fortress of grey ice is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a fortress of grey ice is written in english and from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states and is written in english , which is the language spoken in great britain .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and was produced in hardcover . the oclc number of a fortress of grey ice is 51969173 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and published in hardcover . the isbn number is 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones , has 672 pages and was published in hardcover .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has 672 pages in print .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 76798317 and the library of congress classification of pr6031 . o867 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover and has 1174 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 7156 - 3648 - 0 .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane and has the oclc number of 318875313 and the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) is devoted to the academic discipline of pure mathematics . it has the issn number 1865 - 8784 .
the lccn number of abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviating to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) is 32024459 . it also has a coden code of amhaaj .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviating to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) is concerned with the academic discipline of pure mathematics and has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix and has the oclc number 46451790 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
above the veil , by garth nix , is in print and has the oclc number 46451790 .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in hardcover and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
above the veil , oclc number 46451790 , is a hardcover book written by garth nix .
above the veil , written by garth nix , is available in print and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17685 - 9 .
above the veil is written in english and comes from australia . it was preceded by the book aenir .
above the veil is the sequel to aenir and was followed by into battle and castle .
above the veil is written in english and has the isbn number of 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 . it followed the book aenir .
above the veil is written in english and was followed by aenir which was written by australians .
above the veil is in print and has 248 pages . its author is garth nix .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) has the lccn number 83646315 and covers the academic discipline of mathematics .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviation : acta math . hungar ) has a coden code of " amahe9 " and an lccn number of 83646315 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar ) has the issn number 1588 - 2632 and comes under the academic discipline of math .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol . , coden : apgpac ) is academically focused on paleontology .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol ) has the lccn number 60040714 and comes under the academic discipline of paleobiology .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbrv . acta palaeontol . pol ) has an lccn number of 60040714 and comes under the academic discipline of paleontology .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated acta palaeontol . pol . ) is paleobiology with a coden code of " apgpac " .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is academically focused on paleontology and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is academically focused on paleobiology and has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is academically focused on paleontology and has the issn number 1732 - 2421 .
the polish academy of sciences , which has its headquarters in warsaw , serves poland and publishes acta palaeontologica polonica .
addiction ( journal ) is published by wiley - blackwell on behalf of the society for the study of addiction . it has the abbreviated name of addiction and an lccn number of 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) has the issn number " 0965 - 2140 " and the lccn number 93645978 . it is abbreviated to addiction .
addiction ( journal ) has the abbreviation of " addiction " and the lccn number 93645978 . it is about addiction .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written by brandon sanderson who was born in lincoln , nebraska . the book was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the u . s . where african americans are an ethnic group .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and comes from the u . s . where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english and from the united states where asian americans is one of the ethnic groups .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover and has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is a fantasy book published in hardcover . the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is published in hardcover , is 320 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in print and has 320 pages . its oclc number is 7877110 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in print and has 320 pages . the isbn number is 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
the american journal of mathematics ( discipline mathematics ) is also known by the abbreviated title of am . j . math and has the issn number 0002 - 9327 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math , is published bimonthly and covers the academic discipline of mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and has the abbreviated title of am . j . math . it has an issn number of 0002 - 9327 .
the american journal of mathematics , abbreviated to am . j . math . , was first published in 1878 and comes under the academic discipline of math .
the american journal of mathematics , published by johns hopkins university press in the united states , has the issn number 0002 - 9327 .
the american journal of mathematics , published by johns hopkins university press in the united states , has the issn number 1080 - 6377 .
the american journal of mathematics , published by johns hopkins university press in the united states , has the oclc number 1480153 .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbrv . am . j . math ) is published by the johns hopkins university press in the us .
the american journal of mathematics , which comes under the academic discipline of math , is published by johns hopkins university press in the united states .
johns hopkins university press is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics . johns hopkins university is the parent company of the johns hopkins university press which is based in the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones written by brandon sanderson who was born in lincoln , nebraska .
a loyal character dancer is published in the united states where the language is english , as in great britain .
english is spoken in great britain and the united states . a severed wasp is from the united states .
a wizard of mars was published in the united states where the language is english , as it is in great britain .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and wrote a glastonbury romance which was preceded by wolf solent .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire and is the author of a glastonbury romance which was preceded by wolf solent .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . he is the author of porius : a romance of the dark ages and a glastonbury romance .
john cowper powys was born in shirley , derbyshire . he is the author of wolf solent and a glastonbury romance .
sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications which publishes the administrative science quarterly which has the oclc number 1461102 .
the aids journal is published by lippincott williams & wilkins in the united kingdom where the language is english .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the african americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital city is washington dc and the asian americans are an ethnic group .
enaire is the operating organisation for adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas , spain .
afonso pena international airport is located in brasilia . the airport is 911 meters above sea level and the runway is 1800 long . infraero is the organization that operates the afonso pena international airport .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the country is led by haider al - abadi and uses the arabic language .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . malik muhammad rafique rajwana is the leader of punjab , pakistan .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae is of the order poales and belongs to the order of commelinids .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh , awadh . it is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
agra airport , located in india , is operated by the airports authority of india . the iata i . d . of the agra airport is agr and the location identifier is viag .
agra airport is in india , which leader is narendra modi . the indian air force , which operate the airport , use the transport aircraft called the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii .
agra airport is in india , where the leader is t . s . thakur . the indian air force operates the airport , and it uses the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as one of its transport planes .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician who started his career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow and the band kaiser chiefs .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow . he started his musical career in 2003 and was once signed to the now defunct record label , universal records .
aaron turner plays post - metal for the house of low culture band and played with the band twilight . the post - metal instrument is the cello .
aaron turner plays electric guitar and played with the black metal twilight band . death metal is a black metal fusion .
aaron bertram plays for the kids imagine nation band and the suburban legends , a pop music band where brian robertson plays the trombone .
aaron bertram plays for the kids imagine nation band and the suburban legends band which has a trombonist called brian robertson and performs ska music .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band and the kids imagine nation band . his genre is ska punk which has its origins in punk rock .
aaron bertram started performing in 1998 and plays for the suburban legends band and the kids imagine nation band . his genre is ska punk music .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band and the kids imagine nation band . he is a non vocal instrumentalist whose genre is ska punk .
aaron bertram plays for the suburban legends band and the kids imagine nation band . his genre is ska punk which has its origins in ska .
aaron deer is an indie rock musician from indianapolis , indiana . he has a background as a solo singer .
american aaron deer is an indie rock musician from indiana . he has a background as a solo singer .
alex day performs synthpop music which is a form of pop music derived from house music and originated from new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in 1872 in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england uk , and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup , london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in london , where boris johnson is a leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in london . the labour party is in the majority in manchester .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in the uk and died in london .
alfred garth jones is from the uk , where the leader is elizabeth ii . he died in london , where boris johnson is the leader .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup . the labour party is in the majority in manchester .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and started out as a solo singer . he plays candombe music and records for odeon records .
alison o ' donnell is signed with the record label static caravan recordings and also deram records which is based in london . she performs psychedelic folk music .
alison o ' donnell is a folk music of ireland player and was signed to deram records in london . she was also signed to fruits de mer records .
allen forrest is a solo singer and hip hop musician . hip hop originates from funk and drum and bass is derived from hip hop .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs hip hop music .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in fort campbell , ky and was raised in dothan , al . he is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
allen forrest was born in 1981 in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , in 1981 . he is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs rhythm and blues music . funk is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
allen forrest performs rhythm and blues music , which originated from the blues . funk and disco are derivatives of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is signed to okeh records and alligator records , the latter of which is based in chicago and specializes in blues music .
anders osborne is signed to the record blues label alligator records and rabadash records . alligator records is located in chicago .
anders osborne is a rock musician with chicago ' s alligator records and okeh records .
anders osborne is a rock musician who was signed to the shanachie records label . anders osborne was signed to alligator records which is based in chicago .
andra is a solo singer who was born in campia turzii . she sings dance pop for a living .
andra is a solo singer and reality tv judge who was born in campia turzii . her musical genre is dance pop .
andra is a romanian solo singer who performs dance pop music and who is a reality tv judge .
andra began her singing career in 2000 and her musical genre is rhythm and blues . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues which originated from blues music .
andrew rayel , whose musical genre is trance , which has its stylistic origins in pop music , is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and bobina .
andrew rayel , whose musical genre is trance , which has its stylistic origins in pop music , is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and christian burns .
andrew rayel , who began his musical career in 2009 , plays trance music . he is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and with jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel ' s musical genre is trance music which has its origins in house music . he is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine , who is associated with the musical artist john digweed .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists jwaydan moyine and bobina . his musical genre is trance which has its origins in house music .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician with the kaiser chiefs . alternative rock originates from punk rock and is an element of the fusion genre nu metal .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician with the kaiser chiefs . alternative rock originated from new wave music and is an element of the fusion genre nu metal .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label b - unique records . he started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
andrew white is a musician who plays for the band kaiser chiefs and is signed to the record label fiction . he started his musical career in 2003 and is associated with the musical artist marry banilow .
andrew rayel is associated with bobina and house musician christian burns . rayel is also associated with armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
andrew rayel is associated with the musical artists : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns ( house music ) , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
andrew rayel is associated with artists such as armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns ( house music ) , jwaydan moyine , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin and alexandra badoi .
andrew rayel is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine , who in turn is associated with john digweed . rayel is also associated with house musician christian burns .
alison o ' donnell is signed with static caravan recordings and deram records , london . deram records main genre of music is pop .
allen forrest is a solo singer who performs hip hop music . hip hop originated from disco and drum and bass is a derivative of it .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup , london . the city is governed by the greater london authority and the leader is boris johnson .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup , london . the greater london authority is the governing body of london and the european parliament is the leader of the city .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup , london . the parliament of the united kingdom and boris johnson are leaders of london .
alfred garth jones died in sidcup , in london , the leader of which , is the parliament of the united kingdom . london is governed by the greater london authority .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay . the country is led by juan afara and its ethnic group is called mestizo .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician signed to polydor records in london . nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
aaron turner plays post - metal for the mamiffer and twilight bands . the post - metal instrument is a cello .
aaron turner plays post - metal music and he played for twilight and old man gloom bands .
aaron turner plays the cello in the post - metal genre for the bands twilight and sumac .
al anderson plays the guitar for the rock band nrbq and once played with the wildweeds . bhangra is a fusion of rock music .
al anderson , a singer in the rock band nrbq , was a member of the wildweeds . a musical fusion of rock music is bhangra music .
al anderson plays the guitar for the rock band nrbq . rock music originated from blues music and is an element of the fusion genre bhangra .
al anderson plays the guitar for the rock band nrbq . rock music originated from country music and is an element of the fusion genre bhangra .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of uruguay is raul fernando sendic rodriguez and the people of uruguay are known as uruguayans .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of montevideo is daniel martinez and the leader of uruguay is raul fernando sendic rodriguez .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo , in uruguay , the leaders of which , are raul fernando sendic rodriguez and tabare vazquez .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , the leader of which , is daniel martinez . tabare vazquez is the leader of uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo , uruguay . the leader of montevideo is daniel martinez and the leader of uruguay is tabare vazquez .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , the country where tabare vazquez and raul fernando sendic rodriguez are leaders .
alaa abdul zahra plays for the iraq national under 23 football team and also for al kharaitiyat sc who play their home games at al khor and are managed by amar osim .
abel hernandez , who played youth football for penarol , has also played for central espanol . penarol , which is managed by jorge orosman da silva , play in the uruguayan primera division .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol who are managed by jorge orosman da silva and play in the uruguayan primera division . he now plays for hull city a . f . c .
abel hernandez played youth football for penarol , who are part of the uruguayan primera division . he later played for the club u . s . citta di palermo , which was managed by giuseppe iachini .
akeem priestley plays for orange county blues fc ( managed by oliver wyss ) and also for rops , which is part of the veikkausliiga league .
aaron hunt has played for hamburger sv and sv werder bremen , the latter of which play in the bundesliga and are managed by viktor skrypnyk .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen in the bundesliga . alexander nouri is the manager of sv werder bremen ii .
asser levy public baths is located in avenue a , manhattan . it was constructed in 1904 and added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii and the parliament of the united kingdom is also the leader of the uk .
200 public square , cleveland , was completed in 1985 and has 45 floors with a total area of 111484 square metres .
20 fenchurch street was begun in january 2009 and completed in april 2014 . it has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
20 fenchurch street , designed by the architect rafael vinoly , is located in london . london is led via the european parliament and boris johnson is its leader .
adisham hall , haputale , was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 . it has the tudor and jacobean style .
adisham hall , haputale , sri lanka , was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 . it has the architectural style of tudor and jacobean .
adisham hall , haputale , was started in 1927 and completed in 1931 . it has the tudor revival style .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the language spoken in the country is tamil .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte , and the language spoken in the country is tamil .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the capital of sri lanka is sri jayawardenepura kotte and its leader is ranil wickremesinghe .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka . the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe and the language spoken in the country is tamil .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the significant buildings of chinatown in san francisco and the asilomar state beach . she was also the architect of the asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference . she also designed the significant los angeles herald examiner building and the riverside art museum .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference , the riverside art museum , and asilomar state beach .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , was the architect of the grounds of asilomar conference and the riverside art museum . she also designed significant buildings in chinatown , san francisco .
julia morgan , born in california , designed many significant buildings including chinatown in san francisco , the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach .
julia morgan was born in california and designed many significant buildings including the los angeles herald examiner building , the asilomar conference grounds and the asilomar state beach .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the country is led by mulatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia . the country is led by mulatu teshome and hailemariam desalegn .
donal o ' ceallaigh discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 sb which has an epoch date of march 6th 2006 . it has an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
donal o ' ceallaigh discovered ( 15788 ) 1993 sb which has an epoch date of march 6th 2006 . it has a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 and an apoapsis of 7715100000 . 0 km .
iwan p williams discovered 15788 1993 sb which has an epoch date of march 6th 2006 . it has an orbital period of 7729430000 . 0 and a periapsis of 3997100000000 . 0 .
the celestial body known as ( 66391 ) 1999 kw4 has an orbital period of 16244700 . it has an apoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres , an escape velocity of 0 and an epoch date of 14 july 2004 .
the epoch of 1000 piazzia is 2015 - 06 - 27 and it was formerly called " 1967 ed " . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
the 1000 piazzia has an epoch date of june 27th 2015 and a mass of 1 . 1kg . it has an orbital period of 488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 .
1001 gaussia , which was formerly known as a911 md , was discovered by sergey belyavsky and has an epoch date of 2015 - 06 - 27 . the periapsis measures 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
1001 gaussia , which was discovered by sergey belyavsky , has an epoch date of 27 june 2015 . it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres and an orbital period of 5 . 75 days .
1001 gaussia , which was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc , has an epoch date of 31 july 2016 and an orbital period of 5 . 75 days . it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
1001 gaussia ( formerly known as a911 md ) has an epoch date of 31 july 2016 and an orbital period of 5 . 75 days . it has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
walter baade , who discovered 1036 ganymed , was born in the german empire , studied at the university of gottingen and died in west germany .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana ( capital indianapolis ) , in the united states .
anderson is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana ( united states ) , where the state ' s capital is indianapolis .
anderson is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana ( united states ) , where the state ' s capital is indianapolis .
anderson is part of anderson township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
anderson is part of madison county , indiana ( capital indianapolis ) in the united states .
anderson is part of madison county , indiana in the u . s . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
anderson is part of union township , madison county , indiana ( capital indianapolis ) , in the united states .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , united states . indianapolis is the capital of indiana .
ann arbor is part of washtenaw county in michigan , united states . detroit is the largest city in michigan .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the u . s . the capital of new jersey is trenton . new york city is the largest city in the u . s .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the u . s . the largest city in new jersey is newark and the state capital is trenton .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas . the county seat of tarrant county is fort worth . houston is the largest city in texas .
arlington is part of tarrant county in the state of texas . austin is the capital , and houston is the largest city in texas .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the us . the capital city of texas is austin and the largest city is houston .
arlington is part of the state of texas in the u . s . where spanish is spoken . houston is the largest city in texas .
arlington is part of the state of texas , where the capital is austin , the largest city is houston and the spanish language is spoken .
angola , indiana is in pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in the united states . the country where americans live , and where one of the ethnic groups , is asian americans .
angola , pleasant township , steuben county , indiana is part of the united states . the country where the inhabitants are known as americans and where native americans are an ethnic group .
akron is in summit county , ohio , in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington , d . c . , and its inhabitants are called americans .
akron is in summit county , ohio , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico , united states , is led by the new mexico senate and its leader , john sanchez . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
angola , indiana is in pleasant township which is part of steuben county , in the united states . the country where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
angola , indiana is in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
angola , pleasant township , steuben county , indiana is in the u . s . where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is in steuben county , united states . one ethnic group in the u . s . are african americans and english is the language spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and is led by the mayor . the u . s . is home to african americans and led by barack obama .
albuquerque , new mexico , is in the united states , where barack obama is the leader , and his title is president of the united states . african americans are one of the ethnic groups in the united states .
akron is led by a mayor and is located in summit county , ohio , u . s . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
albany is a city in oregon in the u . s . salem is its capital . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico , in the united states . john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate . one of the ethnic groups in the united states , is asian americans .
albuquerque in new mexico , united states , is led by the albuquerque city council whose leader is richard j . berry . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states , where the capital is washington dc , and asian americans are an ethnic group .
the asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states which has the capital of washington dc . the country is the location of albany , part of benton county in oregon .
albany is part of oregon in the united states . the country where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups and the capital is washington d . c .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico , in the united states . john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
the new mexico senate leads albuquerque , new mexico in the united states . barack obama is a leader of the united states which includes the native americans among its ethnic groups .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , in the united states , where native americans are one of the ethnic groups .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and is led by the mayor . the u . s . is led by barack obama and is home to native americans .
akron is in summit county , ohio , united states , where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and is led by the albuquerque city council . english is spoken in the u . s .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and is led by the united states house of representatives . english is spoken in the u . s .
angola , indiana is in the u . s . where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
angola , steuben county , indiana is part of the united states . the u . s . is home to native americans and english is its official language .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states and is led by the united states house of representatives , which is part of the united states congress . english is spoken in the u . s .
akron is in summit county , ohio , u . s . the president is the leader of the united states and african americans are an ethnic group .
the comic character bolt , with the alternative name larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , the latter of which is a puerto rican national .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink , cubanelle peppers .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia and sumatra . malays and the minangkabau people are ethnic groups of sumatra .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group and the capital is washington dc . john roberts is a leader in the us .
the country that bacon sandwich comes from is the united kingdom . variations include the blt and ketchup can be added . a variation of a bacon sandwich is a blt which is a variation of a club sandwich .
baked alaska is served in the region of hong kong and is from france , the united states or china . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream and sponge cake ( or christmas pudding ) .
ajoblanco is a food originates from andalusia in spain . the main ingredients of ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water and olive oil .
ajoblanco is from andalusia in spain . the main ingredients of ajoblanco are bread , almonds , garlic , water , and olive oil .
bread is an ingredient of ajoblanco , also known as ajo blanco , a dish from the andalusia region of spain .
bacon explosion is a dish popular in the united states and its main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion is from the kansas city metropolitan area , in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and paul ryan is a leader . white americans are an ethnic group there .
batagor is a dish from the country of indonesia , it is a variation of shumai and the main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a dish from the country of indonesia and is made of a hot , fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
batagor is a variation of shumai and comes from indonesia . it includes peanut sauce . siomay is a variation of shumai .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia and singapore . standard chinese is spoken in singapore and the leader is halimah yacob .
beef kway teow is a dish commonly found in singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients of the dish are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india . t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan are leaders of india .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region and its main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables . it can also be known as bhaji or bajji .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines , where the igorot people are an ethnic group . sandesh is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert ( as is a cookie ) , it contains sweet potato which is of the order solanales .
sandesh ( confectionery ) and binignit are both served as a dessert . the latter dish contains sweet potatoes which are part of the order of solanales .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potato .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . the main ingredients are sweet potato and sago .
binignit is a dish from the region of visayas , philippines . the main ingredients are taro and sweet potato .
sweet potato , one of the main ingredients of binignit , belongs to the solanales order of flowering plants . another ingredient of the dish is sago .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico . the leader of the country is silvano aureoles conejo and a variation on dessert is a cookie .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . sandesh is also a nice confectionery dessert .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo . it can be varied by using cottage cheese .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy , where the capital is rome , the leader is matteo renzi and italian is the language spoken .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include matteo renzi and laura boldrini .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leaders include matteo renzi and sergio mattarella .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy , where the capital is rome and the leaders include pietro grasso and laura boldrini .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . the baduy are an ethnic group from java and the leader of singapore is tony tan .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . baduy is an ethnic group from java and english is spoken in singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java . baduy is an ethnic group from java and halimah yacob is the leader of singapore .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where some of the ethnic groups are the zamboangans and the igorot people . arabic is also spoken in the country .
batchoy is eaten in the philippines where the moro people and the zamboangans are ethnic groups . one of the languages used in the country is arabic .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where the language spoken is philippine english . cookie is a type of dessert .
the chinese filipino and the igorot people are both ethnic groups in the philippines , where philippine spanish is spoken and batchoy is eaten .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . spaniards are the main ethnic group in spain and the leader is felipe vi of spain .
ajoblanco is a dish from spain , where the currency is the euro , the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group .
ajoblanco is a dish from spain , where the spanish language is spoken and the leader is felipe vi . the people of spain are called spaniards .
ajoblanco originates from spain , where the language is spanish , the leader is felipe vi and spaniards are an ethnic group .
ajoblanco originates from spain where the leader is felipe vi , spanish is spoken and the euro is used as currency .
the tomato belongs to the order of solanales , the genus solanum , the family solanaceae . it is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
the alvis speed 25 , with its straight six engine , was made by the alvis car and engineering company found in coventry . the rover co . succeeded that car company .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in baku , the capital of azerbaijan , a country led by the prime minister of azerbaijan , artur rasizade .
alberto teisaire , a member of the justicialist party , was in office while juan peron was president . alberto teisaire is from argentina , where spanish is the official language .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in massachusetts . he fought in the battle of the wilderness and was awarded the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett was born in greene , maine and died in west roxbury . he fought in the battle of the wilderness and was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university rotterdam . he belongs to the christian democratic appeal party and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
ab klink was born in stellendam and attended erasmus university rotterdam . he belongs to the christian democratic appeal party and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave fought in the battle of france where hugo sperrle was a commander . he also served in the royal artillery which has a garrison at hohne .
airey neave fought in world war ii where benito mussolini was a commander . he was a member of the royal artillery unit which has a garrison at hohne .
airey neave fought in world war ii and served in the royal artillery , which has a garrison at hohne . chiang kai - shek was a commander in world war ii .
albert b . white , born in cleveland , was a member of the republican party in the united states . his wife was agnes ward white and his career ended on march 4th 1905 .
albert b . white , who was married to agnes ward white , began his career on march 4 , 1901 and finished it on march 4th 1905 . his successor was william m . o . dawson .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was married to agnes ward white . his career ended on march 4th 1905 having been succeeded by william m o dawson .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and started his career on march 4 , 1901 . his career ended on march 4th 1905 when he was succeeded by william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and fought in the american civil war . jefferson davis was a commander in the american civil war and one of the ethnic groups in the u . s . are african americans .
cornell university is in new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of the administrative science quarterly .
cornell university is in ithaca , new york and is affiliated with the association of public and land - grant universities . they publish administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback . the isbn number of aenir is 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 by johns hopkins university press . johns hopkins university press is the publisher of the american journal of mathematics and is based in the united states . johns hopkins university is the parent company of johns hopkins university press .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where many asian americans live . the language of the us and great britain is english .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the german language is spoken . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
margrethe ii of denmark and lars lokke rasmussen are the leaders of denmark . tirstrup is part of the central denmark region and aarhus airport is located there .
margrethe ii is the queen of denmark where the language is danish . the country is the location of aarhus airport in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region .
aarhus airport is operated by the aktieselskab organisation and serves the city of aarhus in denmark . the airport is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 metres with the name 10r / 28l .
aarhus airport , which is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s , serves the city of aarhus in denmark . the airport is 25 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 metres with the name 10r / 28l .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , jones county , texas in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 1121 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas , which is part of taylor county , texas , in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 1 , 121 .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas , which is part of taylor county , texas , in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 2194 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , texas , which is part of taylor county , texas , in the united states . the airport has a runway length of 2 , 195 .
abilene regional airport , which lies 546 metres above sea level , has the icao location identifier kabi and serves the city of abilene in texas . the runway name is 17l / 35r and has a length of 1121 . 0 .
abilene regional airport , which lies 546 metres above sea level , has the icao location identifier kabi and serves the city of abilene in texas . the runway name is 17r / 35l and has a length of 1121 . 0 .
abilene regional airport serves abilene , taylor county and jones county , texas , united states . the airport ' s runway is 1 , 121 long .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas at an elevation of 610 metres above sea level . the airport is operated by enaire and has a runway name of 14r / 32l with a length of 3500 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 . the runway name is 14l / 32r .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas at an elevation of 610 metres above sea level . the airport is operated by enaire and has a runway name of 14l / 32r with a length of 4349 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas at an elevation of 610 metres above sea level . the airport is operated by enaire and has a runway named 18l / 36r which is 3500 in length .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid and is operated by enaire . the airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas at an elevation of 610 metres above sea level . the airport is operated by enaire and has a runway named 18r / 36l which is 3500 in length .
agra airport is operated by the indian air force and is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik .
agra airport is in uttar pradesh ( part of bundelkhand ) and operated by the indian air force . ram naik is the leader of uttar pradesh . the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft in the indian air force .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway made from poaceae . the runway name is 14 / 32 and it has a length of 497 . 0 .
alderney is served by alderney airport which is located 88 metres above sea level . it has a 1st runway made of asphalt which is 497 . 0 in length and is named 03 / 21 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is 34 meters above sea level . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 1411 and is named 03l / 21r .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is 34 meters above sea level . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 and a name of 03l / 21r .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is operated by the civil aviation authority of new zealand and is 34 meters above sea level . the 3rd runway is made of poaceae and the runway name is 03r / 21l with a length of 597 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the airport has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . the airport ' s runway name is 13 / 31 .
enaire in the city of madrid ( part of the community of madrid in spain ) is the operating organisation for adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport located at madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
enaire is located in madrid , which is part of the community of madrid in spain . enaire operates adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in san sebastian de los reyes .
enaire is located in madrid , part of the community of madrid in spain . it operates adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport in san sebastian de los reyes .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which is of the order poales and belongs to the order of commelinids . it is also classed as a monocotyledon flowering plant .
poaceae is a flowering plant of the order poales and the class of monocotyledon . it is also part of the order of commelinids . new zealand ' s ardmore airport has a runway made of poaceae .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is found in san sebastian de los reyes , part of the community of madrid in spain . the airport has a runway length of 3500 . 0 and is 610 metres above sea level .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th 1978 . he played with the band kaliber 44 and is musically associated with the rapper magik .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on july 23 , 1982 . he is a songwriter with a background as a solo singer .
andrew white is an alternative rock musician who is signed to the london - located polydor records . he was previously signed to the now defunct universal records . nu metal is a music fusion genre of alternative rock .
ahmet ertegun was born in 1923 in washington d . c . , the united states . originally a non performing personnel , ahmet ertegun ' s genre is rock and roll music .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he plays rhythm and blues and died in new york city . disco is a derivative of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova and began his musical career in 2009 . he plays trance music and is associated with the musician jwaydan moyine and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is associated with a number of musical artists , these include : armin van buuren , bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano , alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , and alexandra badoi . his musical genre is trance which has its stylistic origins in pop music .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 and is now retired . he served as a crew member on the nasa operated apollo 11 mission alongside backup pilot william anders .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire , united states and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which ranks higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean was an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was a crew member of apollo 12 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas and is from the united states . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he worked as a test pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a test pilot and as a crew member of apollo 12 .
alan bean was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas on march 15th , 1932 . he was hired by nasa in 1963 where he performed as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 .
alan bean , born alan lavern bean , was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 mission under commander david scott . he spent 100305 minutes in space .
abel hernandez is a member of penarol ' s youth club and the central espanol club that is in the uruguayan segunda division league . he also played for the uruguay olympic football team . penarol ' s manager is jorge orosman da silva .
alaa abdul zahra ' s club is al kharaitiyat sc which is in the qatar stars league and is located in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for the al - wakrah sport club . amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc .
alessio romagnoli is a defender who plays for a . s . roma in serie a . he also plays for ac milan who are managed by sinisa mihajlovic .
akeem dent ' s first team were the atlanta falcons and he later played for the houston texans . the team is owned by bob mcnair and are based in the city of houston in texas .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he plays for fc torpedo moscow , which is managed by valery petrakov , and also for the soviet union national football team .
the asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states . new york city was part of new netherland and manhattan is led by cyrus vance jr .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham . the city ( postcode area ' b ' ) is led by labour politician john clancy and is governed by birmingham city council .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . cyril ramaphosa is one of the leaders of south africa , where coloured people and asian south africans are ethnic groups .
200 public square is located in cleveland , ohio , united states . the governing body of cleveland is cleveland city council and the leader is frank g jackson .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . london is led via the european parliament and boris johnson is the leader . the leader of the united kingdom is elizabeth ii .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the capital is london , which is led via the european parliament . the currency of the uk is the pound sterling , and the leader of the country is elizabeth ii .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , the capital of which is london . the leader of london is boris johnson , and the ruler is elizabeth ii . the demonym for natives of the uk is british people .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the capital is london and the natives are known as british people . london is led by boris johnson and the european parliament .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom , where the capital is london and the leader is elizabeth ii . london is led via the european parliament and the native people are known as british .
250 delaware avenue in the united states has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . construction began in january 2014 and it cost 110 million dollars to build .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . it has 60 floors . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states and has 60 floors . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza and the capital of illinois is springfield .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is susana mendoza and the language spoken is english .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states . the capital of illinois is springfield and the language spoken is english .
the architect of adare manor in adare , munster was augustus pugin who was born in bloomsbury . another of his significant buildings is the palace of westminster .
101 helena was discovered by canadian , james craig watson , whose alma mater was the university of michigan . he died from peritonitis , in madison , wisconsin .
walter baade , who was born in the german empire and studied at the university of gottingen , discovered 1036 ganymed . he died in gottingen and one of his doctoral students was allan sandage .
walter baade , a german national , was born in the german empire and discovered 1036 ganymed . his alma mater was the university of gottingen and allan sandage was his doctoral student .
james craig watson , a canadian , discovered 103 hera . his alma mater is the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin . 103 hera has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 ( kilometres ) .
107 camilla , which has the epoch date 31 december 2006 , was discovered by b zellner and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . the apoapsis is 560937000 . 0 and the periapsis 479343000 . 0 kilometres .
abilene is part of texas in the united states and english is spoken there . the capital of the us is washington dc and the largest city is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of bernalillo county and has 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . it covers a total area of 490 . 9 sq km of which 486 . 2 sq km is land . the area codes for albuquerque are 505 and 575 .
alexandria is part of monroe township , madison county , indiana , u . s . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken is american english .
amarillo is part of potter county in texas , united states . austin is the capital city of texas and the language spoken in the us is english .
antioch , california has a population of 102372 and covers an area of 75 . 324 square km . it has the area code 925 and the total area code is - 8 .
arlington , texas has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres ( water area : 82 . 8 sq km ) and is located 184 . 0 above sea level . the area codes for arlington , texas are 682 , 817 , 214 , 469 and 972 and the population density is 1472 . 0 inhabitants per sq km .
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia and covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and its total area is 347 . 1 sq km . the area codes for atlanta are 404 , 678 and 470 .
atlanta is part of georgia and has the area code of 404 . covering 344 . 9 sq km it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per sq km and has a total area of 347 . 1 sq km .
atlanta is part of fulton county in georgia and covers 344 . 9 square kilometres . the population density of atlanta is 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre , and its total area is 347 . 1 square kilometres . the area code of atlanta is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey , is in atlantic county , new jersey , in the united states . the capital of the u . s . is washington , d . c . , and its largest city is new york city . white americans are one ethnic group in the u . s .
attica is part of logan township , fountain county in indiana and is 166 above sea level . it has a total area of 4 . 14 sq km and a population density of 783 . 1 inhabitants per sq km .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , u . s . opelika is the county seat of lee county , alabama . one ethnic group in the u . s . are asian americans .
auburn is part of king county in the state of washington . it has a population density of 914 . 8 people per sq km and a total area of 77 . 41 sq km within the united states .
auburn is part of king county , washington in the u . s . whose capital is olympia . new york is the largest city in the u . s .
albany is a city in oregon in the u . s . salem is the capital of that state . people living in the u . s . are called americans and african americans are an ethnic group there .
bananaman was created by john geering and starred graeme garden . it was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 and the last time it was aired was on 15 april 1986 .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred bill oddie . it was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 and the last time it was shown was on 15 april 1986 .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred graeme garden . it was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 and the last time it was aired was on 15 april 1986 .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 and the last time it was aired was on 15 april 1986 .
bananaman was created by john geering and starred graeme garden . it was first aired on 3 october 1983 and last aired on 15 april 1986 . it was broadcast by stv .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred jill shilling . it was first broadcast by stv on 3 october 1983 and the final broadcast was on 15 april 1986 .
bananaman was created by steve bright and starred tim brooke - taylor . it was first broadcast by the bbc on 3 october 1983 and the last time it was aired was on 15 april 1986 .
baymax was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau . baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which starred ryan potter .
baymax is a character from the film big hero 6 which starred damon wayans jr . the character was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character from the film big hero 6 which starred jamie chung . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
baymax is a character from the film big hero 6 which starred maya rudolph . he was created by steven t seagle and the american , duncan rouleau .
arem - arem is a javanese main course dish commonly served in indonesia . the ingredients include compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the country ' s leader is joko widodo , its currency is the indonesian rupiah and the language is indonesian .
arem - arem is a food found nationwide in indonesia , but is more specific to java . the leaders of indonesia are joko widodo and jusuf kalla and the language spoken there is indonesian .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy , where the capital is rome . pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders of italy , where the people are called italians .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy . it includes tomatoes , red chili , garlic and olive oil . oregano can also be added to the sauce .
arrabbiata sauce is a traditional dish from rome , italy . it includes tomatoes , red chili , garlic , olive oil and basil .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of spain is felipe vi and the people that live there are called spaniards .
arros negre is from the catalonia region of spain . spaniards are the main ethnic group in spain and the leader is felipe vi . the parliament of catalonia is the leader of catalonia .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where joe biden is a leader and the capital city is washington dc . the country includes the white americans among its ethnic groups and the leader is known as the president .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and english is the language . john roberts is a leader in the u . s . and white americans are an ethnic group there .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader ( the president ) is john roberts . white americans are one of the ethnic groups of the country .
the bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is the president . one of the leaders in the united states is paul ryan and african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the us is washington dc and paul ryan is a leader .
binignit is a dessert from the region of visayas , philippines . the main ingredients of binignit are banana and sweet potato .
bionico is a dessert dish from the guadalajara region of mexico and it includes the ingredients chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader and mexican spanish is spoken . it can be varied by using cottage cheese .
bakewell tart is a dish from the derbyshire dales region where patrick mcloughlin is a leader . it is a variation of bakewell pudding and one of the ingredients is fruit preserves .
bakso is a chinese style dish from indonesia ( capital jakarta ) . joko widodo is the leader of the country and they speak indonesian there .
ajoblanco is a dish from andalusia , spain , and it contains olive oil . the leader of spain is felipe vi and susana diaz is the leader of andalusia .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia and felipe vi is the leader of spain . the currency of spain is the euro .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . the country ' s leader is felipe vi , the spoken language is spanish and spaniards are the main ethnic group .
ajoblanco is from andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia and the country ' s leader is felipe vi . the spoken language is spanish .
ajoblanco is a dish from spain , where the currency is the euro , the leader is felipe vi , the language is spanish and spaniards are an ethnic group .
the aston martin v8 , assembled at newport pagnell , has a 5 . 3 liter engine and a coupe body style . it is relative to the aston martin rham / 1 and the aston martin dbs .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the american locomotive company and there were only 1418 made . it has a v12 engine and a cylinder count of 12 . the length of the alco rs - 3 is 17068 . 8 millimetres .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument is categorised as a historic district . the nearest city to the battlefield is frederick , maryland .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was founded on 11th july 1907 and is owned by the national park service . it is located in the district of the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , which has the nearest city of frederick , maryland .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and belongs to the category of historic districts in the united states . the monument has been provided by the national park service .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , near the city of frederick . the monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district in the united states .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield , frederick county , maryland , united states . the monument was established on 11th july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 and is owned by the national park service . it is located on the monocacy national battlefield in the county of frederick , maryland , with the nearest city being frederick , maryland .
the ataturk monument in izmir , turkey , which is governed by ahmet davutoglu , was designed by pietro canonica and was inaugurated on the 27th of july , 1932 . the capital of turkey is ankara .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) is found in turkey , where the capital is ankara , the largest city is istanbul , the currency is the turkish lira and the leader is ahmet davutoglu .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27th july , 1932 . it is located in turkey , where the largest city is istanbul , although the capital is ankara . the country ' s leader is ahmet davutoglu .
alvah sabin was from vermont , where the largest city is burlington . he represented vermont ' s 3rd congressional district and started his career on march 4th 1853 and finished his career on march 3rd 1857 .
alvah sabin was born in vermont , where the largest city is burlington . he worked as the secretary of the state of vermont and represented the 3rd congressional district . his career ended on 3rd march 1857 .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in kuching . he attended the university of adelaide and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu . he was succeeded by adenan satem .
abdul taib mahmud was born in miri , malaysia and resides in demak jaya , jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . his party is the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu and he was succeeded by adenan satem who attended the university of adelaide .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens on april 11th , 1921 and was a member of the republican party of the united states . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and was succeeded by donald j . irwin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and died in alexandria , virginia . he was a member of the republican party of the united states and a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district . donald j . irwin was his successor .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens on april 11th , 1921 and was a member of the republican party of the united states . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district and was succeeded by marjorie farmer .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and died in alexandria , virginia . he was a member of the republican party of the united states and a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district where he was succeeded by marjorie farmer .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in the united states and died in new york city . he was married to ruth ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut and died in the u . s . he was married to ruth ribicoff . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut , united states and died in the united states . he was a united states national and a member of the democratic party in the united states . he worked as the united states secretary of health , education and welfare .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in the united states and died in new york city . he was a member of the democratic party in the u . s . a . and worked as the united states secretary of health , education and welfare .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut , united states and died in new york . he was a member of the democratic party in the united states and worked as governor of connecticut .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in the united states and died in new york city . he was married to casey ribicoff who was born in chicago . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in the united states and died in the u . s . his wife , casey ribicoff , was born in chicago . african americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he was married to casey ribicoff , who was born in chicago . abraham a . ribicoff died in new york .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in the united states and died in new york . he was married to casey ribicoff who was born in chicago . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in the united states , where native americans are an ethnic group . he was married to casey ribicoff and died in new york .
adam holloway , from the uk ( capital london ) , served in the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war . colin powell was a commander in the gulf war .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , in the state of tyrol . he was a politician from the austrian people ' s party , who died in graz , austria .
albert b white was born in cleveland , usa and died in parkersburg , west virginia . he was succeeded by william m o dawson who died in charleston , west virginia .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina and worked as a provisional president of the argentine senate . juan peron , a member of the labour party in argentina , was president while teisaire was in office . isaac rojas was the successor to alberto teisaire .
argentinian , alberto teisaire , is a member of the justicialist party . alberto teisaire was in office while juan peron was president . juan peron was married to eva peron . the language of argentina is spanish .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax . the ground is owned by afc ajax nv and has the following tenants : jong ajax and ajax youth academy .
azal pfk , with 3500 members , competes in the azerbaijan premier league , which champions are qarabag fk . azal pfk competed in the 2014 season and its ground is azal arena .
azal pfk , with 3500 members , competes in the azerbaijan premier league , with qarabag fk as champions . azal arena is the ground of azal pfk and they played in the azerbaijan premier league in 2014 - 2015 .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is known as the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca and they have 17000 members . the vila nova futebol clube were champions at the serie c .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . they have 17000 members and played in the 2015 season . the vila nova futebol clube were champions at the serie c .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . they have 17000 members and played in the 2015 campeonato brasileiro serie c . the vila nova futebol clube were the champions at the campeonato brasileiro serie c .
st vincent - st mary high school , akron , ohio , united states is the ground of akron summit assault . they play in the premier development league which has been won by k - w united fc .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio ( led by dan horrigan ) which is part of summit county , ohio , united states .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , summit county , ohio , united states . the leader of akron , ohio is dan horrigan .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio , summit county , united states . the leader of akron , ohio is dan horrigan .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school , akron , ohio , summit county , united states where the leader is dan horrigan .
st vincent - st mary high school ( akron , ohio , united states ) is the home ground of akron summit assault . they play in the premier development league which has been won by k - w united fc .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino . it was established in 1996 , has 600 students and the dean is mario botta .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff and 600 students .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino . its dean is mario botta . it has 600 students and 100 academic staff .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio was established in 1996 and is located in the city of mendrisio . there are 600 students and 100 academic staff . the dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , india . its president is b . m . reddy and it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore , karnataka , india , 560090 . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
awh engineering college in india was created in 2001 and has 250 employees . india ' s largest city is mumbai and one of the country ' s rivers is the ganges .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis . ethnically the country has the germanic population .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest ; its leader is klaus iohannis and its anthem is desteapta - te , romane ! romania ' s ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark has a magistrate government . denmark has a monarchy and its leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
eric flint was born in burbank , california and was influenced by robert a heinlein . he wrote the demarce short stories in the grantville gazettes , 1634 : the baltic war and then 1634 : the bavarian crisis .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group . the leader of the united states is known as the president and this is barack obama .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is president barack obama . the country is also home to the ethnic group of asian americans .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states , where the inhabitants are known as americans . the country ' s leader is president barack obama , and one of the ethnic groups is african americans .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire on november 18th , 1923 . he was a crew member of apollo 14 and was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . alan shepard retired on august 1st , 1974 and died in california .
alan bean was born in wheeler , texas . he was a test pilot and crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . apollo 12 was commanded by david scott , and alfred worden was the backup pilot . alan bean was selected by nasa in 1963 .
alan bean was born on the 15th of march 1932 . he was a test pilot and crew member of nasa ' s apollo 12 . he is now retired . apollo 12 was commanded by david scott , and alfred worden was the backup pilot .
alan bean was a test pilot who was hired by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 12 , which was operated by nasa . david scott was the commander of apollo 12 . alfred worden was the backup pilot of apollo 12 . bean ' s alma mater is ut austin , b . s . 1955 .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai . the institute is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and offers tennis which is governed by the international tennis federation . kempe gowda is the founder of bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology is located in bangalore , karnataka , east of the arabian sea and southwest of telangana . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
