abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
al - taqaddum air base has a runway length of 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has the number 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a runway length of 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
danes are the inhabitants of denmark .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft for the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carrol county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
320 south boston building was started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
adare manor was designed by james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds have the architectural style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan is the architect of the los angeles herald examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar straus and giroux .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
rolando maran is the manager of ac chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens fc ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league greece season .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is located in the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
mahe india is to the northwest of kerala .
mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is an american .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone found in california .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is the alternative name for the black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is an american .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia has an area code of 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is324 . 0 above sea level .
925 is the area code for antioch , california .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has an area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
a variation of bionico is cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region .
chicken belongs to the class of bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
shumai is a food found in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem .
albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim is part of california and is lead by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is 13 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is 184 metres above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is known as the president .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia that contains fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
the blt and club sandwich are variations of the bacon sandwich .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a dish from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay and contains peanut sauce .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji comes from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
binignit is a food found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
banana is one of the main ingredients of binignit which comes from the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 metres long .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
rolando maran was born in italy and manages ac chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
a . f . c . blackpool are managed by stuart parker who plays for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and their full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium in athens .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season and have 3000 members .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio , in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti is the manager of as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e - book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has an eissn number of 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print and paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which is the publisher of a long long way .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in the genre of fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , nicknamed uab , is located in the state of alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by the united states national , peter laird .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich ( full name benjamin urich ) was created by comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot who is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the 320 south boston building was designed by the american architect george winkler .
3arena is located at east link bridge and was designed by hok sve .
the 3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and it has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat , india .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin is an american who graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see is an american who was born in dallas . he graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis where francis g slay is the leader .
elliot see died in st . louis , which is part of the kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire where the purple finch is a bird . he spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print . it has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . it was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery which has its headquarters in new york city and whose leader is alexander l . wolf .
aids ( journal ) is part of the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
aids ( journal ) is part of the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
the editor of aip advances is a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states . his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which was written by australians .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil , written in english .
above the veil was written by garth nix and is available in hardcover . it has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
the addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell whose parent company is john wiley & sons . it has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written in english by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain and the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications which is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is written in english and originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the leader is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
jens hartel is the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team . he is also the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is in efxeinoupoli . their chairman is antonis milionis .
association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to a . f . c . blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who played for chesterfield fc and runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor has been manager of afc fylde and plays for stockport county fc and colwyn bay fc .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and their ground is in livorno , italy . they have 19238 members .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio who play in serie b where carpi fc 1909 have been champions .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who has played for chelsea fc and real madrid c . f . c .
aek athens fc ' s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc have been champions .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , part of the amsterdam - centrum . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , part of amsterdam - noord . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti is the manager of a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio .
103 colmore row , designed by birmingham born architect john madin , is located on colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building which has 22 floors and is located in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was designed by the architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed the palace of westminster and adare manor .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall is located in haputale and was completed in 1931 in the tudor and jacobean style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 in the tudor and jacobean style .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business in the united states are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was started on 30 march 2007 .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the riverside art museum and the asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan , born in california , designed chinatown in san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and are located on avenue a , manhattan . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and are located in new york city . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is lead by the conservative party .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which is lead by the liberal democrats .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia where hailemariam desalegn is the leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat which is lead by anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has an area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque is the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim , california has an area total of 131 . 6 square kilometres and an area code of657 714 . the utc offset is - 7 .
anaheim is part of california where the leader is the california state senate which is located at the california state capitol .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of contra costa county is the united states house of representatives .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states , where the county seat is fort worth .
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
atlanta has an area total of 347 . 1 square kilometres and a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states where the largest city is new york city .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
auburn is part of the state of washington in the united states . the capital of the state is olympia .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county in the u . s . state of georgia where the capital is atlanta .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . anderson is the largest city in madison county .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of new jersey is trenton .
arlington is part of texas where english is spoken and the largest city is houston .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of benton county in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is located in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 . the runway name is 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , madrid , spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter . the usaf was involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada and uses the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 . the 1st runway is made of poaceae .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters at the four world trade center in new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader party of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is the people ' s party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . adams county is southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family . it is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
lettuce is an ingredient in a blt which is a variation of a bacon sandwich and a club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt and a club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding is a dish from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . it is a variation of bakewell tart .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . a cookie is also a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato belongs to the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from mexico .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is the leader .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . it is part of the solanaceae family and belongs to the order of solanales .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . it has 700 postgraduate students .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which has mahe , india to its northwest . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group and the national anthem is desteapta - te romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and the ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and french national rene goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and stars scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was produced by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row is located in birmingham and was completed in 1976 . it was started in 1973 and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups in the country , along with coloured south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . cleveland ' s governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and cost 110 million dollars . it has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and was completed in 2009 . it has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . the county is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
alan b miller hall is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary . it was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leaders of india are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and are located on avenue a , manhattan . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of manhattan and brooklyn . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham ( postcode area b ) . birmingham is lead by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india where sumitra mahajan and anandiben patel are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two of the leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital city is london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of the uk .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is spoken and joe biden is a leader . the leader of the united states is known as the president .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states and was established in 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in baku , azerbaijan . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 .
ankara is the capital of turkey where ahmet davutoglu is the leader . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . it is located in turkey where the leader is known as the president .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the english language is spoken in the u . s . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 490 . 2 square kilometres . the area code of albuquerque is 505 575 .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states , where the county seat is atlanta .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . anaheim is part of california where the spanish language is spoken .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . it is 268 . 0 metres above sea level .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . angola has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has an area code of925 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres . it has a population of 102372 and a utc offset of - 7 .
atlantic city , new jersey has an area total of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has an area code of609 and is lead by the mayor of atlantic city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , which is part of king county , in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the county seat is san marcos . the largest city in texas is houston .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . anaheim is part of california where the chinese language is spoken .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states , where the county seat is atlanta .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where english is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
albany , oregon is part of benton county in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states where barack obama is the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate in albuquerque , new mexico , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in albuquerque .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the mayor of albuquerque .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the english language is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin . he also plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran was born in italy and plays for carrarese calcio and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac chievo verona .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona . he is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis who have 1500 members . their ground is in efxeinoupoli and they play in the a epsth 2nd group league .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool which is lead by the conservative party . their manager is stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located . the club ' s manager is stuart parker who played for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire . they played in the 2014 season .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane . they played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa has been the manager of acf fiorentina . he has played for juventus fc , maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece . they play in the superleague greece and played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax n . v . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden godenzonen .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax . he is also a member of the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien . he is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . it serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . it has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada . the usaf uses the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and is 2014 . 0 in length .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in ashgabat , turkmenistan and its hub airport at turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves the city of atlantic city . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the german language is spoken .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium and the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and the kurdish language is spoken .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and one of the languages spoken is kurdish .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids and the class of monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house and broadcast bananaman . it also produces bbc radio .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and first aired on stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by american duncan rouleau . ryan potter starred in the film .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california . it was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce et al . and is available as an e - book . it has 512 pages and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the aids journal in the united kingdom . the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in hardcover . the oclc number is 49805501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is in the academic discipline of paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states . the johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alan bean is an american born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong where chris patten is a representative . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin ( born edwin eugene aldrin jr . ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . he has won 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . it offers tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the government type is magistrate .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kochi is the leader of kerala .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te romane ! the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish comes from the catalonia region of spain .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where the parliament of catalonia is the leader . spaniards are one of the ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia . the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups in sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra and the malays are also an ethnic group in sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . it is a variation of the blt and the club sandwich .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment often ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which can be found in the united states , paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , france , united states or china .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . it is a variation of bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . the dish is popular nationwide in indonesia and is also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , patacones , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , morcilla , avocado and lemon . the dish comes from the paisa region of colombia .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , patacones , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , morcilla , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a dish from indonesia . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the karnataka region of india . it contains vegetables .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
sago and sweet potato are main ingredients in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order solanales .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . cookie is also a dessert .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . it was preceded by grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university in ithaca , new york . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . its president is elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in the united states and also in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in the united states and also in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and english is spoken . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states and english is also spoken in great britain .
the violet keystone is the sequel to above the veil , which was preceded by aenir , castle and into battle , which was written by australians .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in the united states and also in great britain .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . it comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president and english is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states and english is also spoken in great britain .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the leader of the u . s . is known as the president and the people are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alpharetta is located in fulton county , georgia , u . s . a . the largest city in fulton county is atlanta . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of antioch is california ' s 11th state assembly district and the language spoken is english .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has the area code 404 . it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 344 . 9 square kilometres .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . it is166 . 0 metres above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is round rock and the county seat is georgetown . the language spoken in texas is english .
austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos . austin is part of texas where the largest city is houston and english is spoken .
austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos . austin is part of texas where the largest city is houston and spanish is spoken .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken there is english .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas which has the county seat of fort worth . the largest city in tarrant county is houston . the language spoken in texas is spanish .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county . austin is the capital of texas .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . white americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the inhabitants are known as americans . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the inhabitants are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and the people are known as americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama which has the county seat of opelika . auburn is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president and the language spoken is english . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . the english language is spoken in the united states where the people are known as americans and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the people are known as americans . african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its title is the monarchy of denmark .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the country ' s largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the city of aarhus is governed by a magistrate and has mols to its northeast .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by american duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle . alan tudyk starred in the film .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader . their manager is michele marcolini who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool which is lead by the labour party . their manager is stuart parker who played for chesterfield f . c . and stockport county fc .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where the italian language is spoken . a . s . gubbio 1910 play in the serie d league where the champions are s . s . robur siena .
aek athens fc ' s ground is the olympic stadium in marousi . their manager is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and italians live . the capital of italy is rome and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the people are known as italians .
arem - arem is a dish found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
asam pedas is a food found in the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian malay and the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian malay and the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and the ethnic groups are malaysian malay and malaysian indian .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the language is english . white americans are an ethnic group there and paul ryan is a leader .
the bacon sandwich is a popular dish in the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment often ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . it is a variation of the blt .
baked alaska is a dish from france and hong kong . the leaders of france are manuel valls and gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it contains lemon which is a member of the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders in france , where the french language is spoken . barny cakes , made with sponge cake , are popular in the country .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient in siomay .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . it is a variation of siomay and shumai . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala are leaders . the people of india are known as indians .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . the people of india are known as indians .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a dessert that can be served with honey .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region . honey can be added to bionico .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of catalonia is carles puigdemont and the leader of spain is felipe vi . spaniards are one of the ethnic groups of spain .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders in italy .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital city is rome and the language spoken is italian . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . the dish is made with fried chicken and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . it is also found in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where arabic and philippine spanish are spoken . zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . the spanish language is spoken in spain and spaniards are an ethnic group there .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is a leader . felipe vi is the leader of spain , where the people are known as spaniards .
alan bean is an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders is an american who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa and commanded by frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a united states national who served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot . buzz aldrin is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot . buzz aldrin is now retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator and benitoite is a gemstone .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region in denmark . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii and the faroese language is spoken .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway name is 14l / 32r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 . the runway length is 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . it is operated by the united states air force and has the icao location identifier oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . the usaf uses the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as a transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon as an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the usaf uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircraft .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the runway name is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05l / 23r which is 3800 . 0 in length .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis and the language spoken is greek .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . the language spoken in greece is greek .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leaders are philippe of belgium and charles michel . the capital of the country is brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . its icao location identifier is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake . saranac lake is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force which uses the hal light combat helicopter .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik and the airport is operated by the indian air force which uses the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum . arabic is spoken in the country .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the building was started in january 2014 and has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader . springfield is the capital of illinois .
marriott international , founded in washington d . c . , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii and the faroese language is spoken .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington d . c . and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . greenlandic is the language spoken in denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster and adare manor in the republic of ireland . enda kenny is the leader of the republic of ireland .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . it has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a height of 42 m .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in japan is the chinese people .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat is lead by the gujarat legislative assembly and sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando and the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where the governing body is the eastern provincial council . sri lanka ' s leader is ranil wickremesinghe and its capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds , asilomar state beach , hearst castle and the los angeles herald examiner .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the city ' s leader is john clancy and the governing body is birmingham city council . the postcode area of birmingham is b .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president . john roberts and barack obama are leaders in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county has franklin county to its west , cumberland county to its north and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
alan bean is an american who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot and david scott was the commander . alan bean retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the gemstone benitoite and the fossil smilodon are found .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 8 along with backup pilot buzz aldrin and frank borman . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a crew member . anders is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala is lead by kochi and india ' s largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , the capital of which is bucharest . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te romane ! and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the currency is the turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . it is made of bronze and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is known as the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . the leader of turkey is known as the president and ahmet davutoglu is the leader .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education , which is located in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te romane ! and one of its ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association and has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its government type is magistrate .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated with the european university association . its latin name is universitas aarhusiensis .
alan bean is an american who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa and commanded by david scott . alfred worden was a backup pilot on apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin ( also known as edwin e . aldrin jr . ) was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and has won 20 awards . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 8 along with backup pilot buzz aldrin and frank borman . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and spent 8820 minutes in space . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
