Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
18L/36R is the runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport.
Afonso Pena International Airport's ICAO Location Identifier is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base has a runway length of 3684.0.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12.
The first runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has the number 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's runway name is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
Andrews County Airport has a runway length of 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518.0.
UTAA is the ICAO Location Identifier for Ashgabat International Airport.
11/29 is the runway name of Ashgabat International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Danes are the inhabitants of Denmark.
Fallujah is located in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is the language spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is located in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft for the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Carrol County, Maryland is to the southeast of Adams County, Pennsylvania.
Azerbaijan's leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
250 Delaware Avenue has the architectural style of Postmodern architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building was George Winkler.
320 South Boston Building was started in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
Adare Manor was designed by James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
Julia Morgan was the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asilomar Conference Grounds have the architectural style of "Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows".
Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Criona Ni Dhalaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Indian people are from India.
Julia Morgan is the architect of the Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove is part of California.
White South Africans are an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is in print.
AIDS (journal) is from the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg has the ISSN number 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is in print.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The Addiction journal has the LCCN number 93645978.
Addiction (journal) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics.
Castle is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishers is the parent company of Farrar Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Rolando Maran is the manager of AC Chievo Verona.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens FC's ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 Football League Greece season.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron is located in Summit County, Ohio.
The full name of Akron Summit Assault is Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea F.C.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is located in the region of Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stoger plays for 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran plays for FC Bari 1908.
The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology.
Mahe India is to the northwest of Kerala.
Mendrisio's neighbouring municipality is Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is an American.
Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is the alternative name for the Black Pirate.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is an American.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Albany, Georgia has an area code of 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is known as the Mayor.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico House of Representatives.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is324.0 above sea level.
925 is the area code for Antioch, California.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is166.0 above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has an area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas.
The Spanish language is spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located at the United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Arròs negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arròs negre is from the region of the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is part of Colombian cuisine.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30.0 g.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia.
The alternative name for Bhajji is Bhaji bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
A variation of Bionico is cottage cheese.
Bionico is a food found in the Jalisco region.
Chicken belongs to the class of bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
Aristoteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is one of the languages spoken in New York.
Shumai is a food found in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany is part of Oregon where the capital is Salem.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim is part of California and is lead by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim is part of Orange County, California, United States.
Anderson is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California is 13 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas is 184 metres above sea level and has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres.
Arlington is part of Texas in the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn, Alabama is in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States where English is spoken.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where the leader is known as the President.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata sauce is from Italy where the language is Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arròs negre is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from Indonesia that contains fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesia.
The BLT and club sandwich are variations of the bacon sandwich.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
The bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a BLT.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where Manuel Valls is the leader.
Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Fruit preserves are an ingredient in Bakewell tart which is a variation of Bakewell pudding.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is part of Colombian cuisine.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Claude Bartolone is the leader.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor which is a dish from Indonesia.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and contains peanut sauce.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji is a dish from India where the people are called Indians.
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T. S. Thakur.
Binignit is a food found in the Philippines where the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Banana is one of the main ingredients of Binignit which comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and banana.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Bionico is a dessert, as is cake.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which contains Shiitake.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase in Al Anbar Province, Iraq has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the class of Monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport is located.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 metres long.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made of asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The runway name is 4/22.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014-15 Regionalliga season.
A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members and their ground is in Verona, Italy.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and manages AC Chievo Verona.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH Greece season.
The manager of AFC Blackpool is Stuart Parker who plays for Blackburn Rovers FC.
A.F.C. Blackpool are managed by Stuart Parker who plays for Irlam Town FC.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in Serie B.
A.S. Livorno Calcio are managed by Christian Panucci who plays for A.S. Roma.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus FC.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and their full name is ACF Fiorentina S.p.A.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
AEK Athens F.C. play in the Superleague Greece and their ground is the Olympic Stadium in Athens.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by Jong Ajax.
AZAL PFK's ground is the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault played in the 2011 PDL season and have 3000 members.
A.S. Gubbio 1910's ground is in Gubbio, in the region of Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of AS Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
Eric Flint is the author of 1634: The Bavarian Crisis which was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion which is available as an E-book.
AIP Advances (abbreviated to AIP Adv.) has an EISSN number of 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and is available in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way was published in print and paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
Penguin Random House is the parent company of Viking Press which is the publisher of A Long Long Way.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in print.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science+Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is in the genre of fantasy literature and has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and was followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
The American Journal of Mathematics (abbreviated to Am. J. Math.) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics.
The American Journal of Mathematics is published by Johns Hopkins University Press whose parent company is Johns Hopkins University.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University, nicknamed Uab, is located in the state of Alba.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
B.M. Reddy is the president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
April O'Neil was created by the United States national, Peter Laird.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC.
Graeme Garden starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by Steven T. Seagle.
Ben Urich (full name Benjamin Urich) was created by comic book writer Roger McKenzie.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Bibbo Bibbowski, full name Bo Bibbowski, was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean was born on March 15th, 1932 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who is now deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from AFIT in 1962 with a M.S. and is now retired.
108 St Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
200 Public Square has 45 floors and is located in the United States.
20 Fenchurch Street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
The 320 South Boston Building was designed by the American architect George Winkler.
3Arena is located at East Link Bridge and was designed by HOK SVE.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin and was designed by the company Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen.
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located.
The address of the Akita Museum of Art is 1-4-2 Nakadori and it has 3 floors.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat, India.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey in the United States where Joe Biden is a leader.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See is an American who was born in Dallas. He graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and was selected by NASA in 1962. He died in St. Louis.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin and died in St. Louis where Francis G Slay is the leader.
Elliot See died in St. Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France on February 28, 1966.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire where the Purple finch is a bird. He spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and is available in print. It has 448 pages.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair. It was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery which has its headquarters in New York City and whose leader is Alexander L. Wolf.
AIDS (journal) is part of the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 0269-9370.
AIDS (journal) is part of the academic discipline HIV/AIDS and has the ISSN number 1473-5571.
The editor of AIP Advances is A.T. Charlie Johnson who lives in the United States. His alma mater is Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English and published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States and is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages. It has the OCLC number 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has the ISSN number 1865-8784 and the LCCN number 32024459.
Aenir is written in English and was followed by Above the Veil which was written by Australians.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, was followed by Above the Veil, written in English.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix and is available in hardcover. It has 248 pages.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and the LCCN number 60040714.
The Addiction journal (abbreviated to Addiction) comes under the academic discipline of Addiction and has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons. It has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written in English by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain and the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys who was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE Publications which is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly which has the ISSN number 0001-8392.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars is written in English and originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the leader is known as the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is known as the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Jens Härtel is the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and plays for 1. FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoneiche.
Massimo Drago has been manager of A.C. Cesena and played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925 and A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA (abbreviated to A.C. Lumezzane) has 4150 members and play in the Lega Pro/A league.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team. He is also the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is in Efxeinoupoli. Their chairman is Antonis Milionis.
Association Football Club Blackpool (abbreviated to A.F.C. Blackpool) has 1500 members and their ground is in Blackpool.
The manager of AFC Blackpool is Stuart Parker who played for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn F.C. Halton.
Dave Challinor has been manager of AFC Fylde and plays for Stockport County FC and Colwyn Bay FC.
The full name of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Livorno Calcio S.p.A. and their ground is in Livorno, Italy. They have 19238 members.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio who play in Serie B where Carpi FC 1909 have been champions.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who has played for Chelsea FC and Real Madrid C.F.C.
AEK Athens FC's ground is in Greece and they play in the Superleague of Greece where Olympiacos FC have been champions.
AEK Athens F.C. are managed by Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam, part of the Amsterdam-Centrum. The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is in Amsterdam, part of Amsterdam-Noord. The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Jong Ajax and Istanbulspor A.S.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A.S. Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago has been manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago has been manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago has been manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio.
103 Colmore Row, designed by Birmingham born architect John Madin, is located on Colmore Row.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, where Frank G Jackson is a leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader.
George Winkler was the architect of 320 South Boston Building which has 22 floors and is located in the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena which was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which was designed by the architect 3XN and has 23 floors.
Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, designed the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by J. P. McManus.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and was completed in 1931 in the Tudor and Jacobean style.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and was completed in 1931 in the Tudor and Jacobean style.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka where Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business in the United States are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall which was started on 30 March 2007.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and designed many significant buildings including the Riverside Art Museum and the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Julia Morgan, born in California, designed Chinatown in San Francisco and the Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomar Blvd. Pacific Grove, California and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and are located on Avenue A, Manhattan. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and are located in New York City. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is lead by the Conservative Party.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham, which is lead by the Liberal Democrats.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia where Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat which is lead by Anandiben Patel.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has an area of 490.9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The leader of Albuquerque is the New Mexico Senate.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia in the U.S. where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Anaheim, California has an area total of 131.6 square kilometres and an area code of657 714. The UTC offset is -7.
Anaheim is part of California where the leader is the California State Senate which is located at the California State Capitol.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The leader of Contra Costa County is the United States House of Representatives.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, United States, where the county seat is Fort Worth.
Atlanta is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Atlanta has an area total of 347.1 square kilometres and a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 404.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The largest city in New Jersey is Newark.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States where the largest city is New York City.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama, United States.
Auburn is part of Washington state in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Auburn is part of the state of Washington in the United States. The capital of the state is Olympia.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County in the U.S. state of Georgia where the capital is Atlanta.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson is the largest city in Madison County.
Atlantic City is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of New Jersey is Trenton.
Arlington is part of Texas where English is spoken and the largest city is Houston.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Attica is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is located in the United States where English is spoken and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is located in the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2776.0. The runway name is 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake and has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which uses the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle aircraft fighter. The USAF was involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and uses the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as an aircraft fighter.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877.0. The 1st runway is made of Poaceae.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority which has its headquarters at Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0. The runway name is 18L/36R.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the people are known as Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey which has its headquarters at the Four World Trade Center in New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of the Community of Madrid. The leader party of Madrid is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain where the leader party is the People's Party.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Adams County is southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the municipality of Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania. Adams County is southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the Solanaceae family. It is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Rome, Italy.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Rome, Italy.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Malaysia and Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Lettuce is an ingredient in a BLT which is a variation of a bacon sandwich and a club sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is a leader and the capital is Washington D.C.
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a BLT and a club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France and New York.
Baked Alaska comes from France where Manuel Valls is the leader and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert. Cookie is also a dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs. It is a variation of Bakewell tart.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Barny cakes can be found in France where Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Oyster sauce is an ingredient in Beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji comes from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient in Binignit which is a dessert. Cookie is also a dessert.
Sago is an ingredient in Binignit which is a dessert. A cookie is also a dessert.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit which is a dessert. Cookie is also a dessert.
The main ingredients of Binignit are sweet potato and banana. Sweet potato belongs to the order Solanales.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert from Mexico.
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico and contains raisins.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the Mexican peso.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where English is spoken and Tony Tan is the leader.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce. It is part of the Solanaceae family and belongs to the order of Solanales.
AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has 700 postgraduate students.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala which has Mahe, India to its northwest. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the Germans of Romania are an ethnic group and the national anthem is Desteapta-te romane!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the leader is Klaus Iohannis and the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928.
The comic character Asterix was created by Albert Uderzo and French national Rene Goscinny.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on 15 April 1986.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and stars Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 which was produced by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Ryan Potter.
The comic character Blockbuster, also known as Mark Desmond, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn.
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and was completed in 1976. It was started in 1973 and has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital of which is Cape Town. Asian South Africans are one of the ethnic groups in the country, along with coloured South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Cleveland's governing body is Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and cost 110 million dollars. It has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843.8 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. The leader of Chicago is Rahm Emanuel.
300 North LaSalle is located in Illinois and was completed in 2009. It has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Marriott International is a tenant of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3XN.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, Munster. The county is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Akita.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall is located at 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary. It was completed on 1 June 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leaders of India are Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, constructed in 1913, is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths were constructed in 1904 and are located on Avenue A, Manhattan. They were added to the National Register of Historic Places on 23rd April 1980 with the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is part of Manhattan and Brooklyn. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which has the B postcode and is lead by Andrew Mitchell.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham (postcode area B). Birmingham is lead by the Labour Party.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India where Sumitra Mahajan and Anandiben Patel are leaders.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India. Two of the leaders of India are T S Thakur and Narendra Modi.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Akita, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader and the capital city is London. The Parliament of the United Kingdom is the leader of the UK.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where English is spoken and Joe Biden is a leader. The leader of the United States is known as the President.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania, United States and was established in 2000. It is categorised as a contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, is located in Baku, Azerbaijan. It is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
Frederick, Maryland is the nearest city to the Monocacy National Battlefield where the 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument was established on 11 July 1907.
Ankara is the capital of Turkey where Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader. The country is the location of the bronze Atatürk Monument in Izmir.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is located in Turkey where the leader is known as the President.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The English language is spoken in the U.S. and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 490.2 square kilometres. The area code of Albuquerque is 505 575.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, United States, where the county seat is Atlanta.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin.
The leader of Anaheim, California is the California State Assembly which is located at the California State Capitol. Anaheim is part of California where the Spanish language is spoken.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland Union. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres. It is 268.0 metres above sea level.
Angola is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. Angola has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has an area code of925 and a total area of 75.324 square kilometres. It has a population of 102372 and a UTC offset of -7.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has an area total of 44.125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has an area code of609 and is lead by the Mayor of Atlantic City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, which is part of King County, in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County, Washington in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas, where the county seat is San Marcos. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
The leader of Anaheim, California is the California State Assembly which is located at the California State Capitol. Anaheim is part of California where the Chinese language is spoken.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia, United States, where the county seat is Atlanta.
Anderson is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis.
Arlington is part of Texas in the United States where English is spoken. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States where Barack Obama is the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
John Sanchez is the leader of the New Mexico Senate in Albuquerque, New Mexico, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Albuquerque.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the Mayor of Albuquerque.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the English language is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is part of Indiana in the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Jens Härtel has been the manager of 1 FC Magdeburg and plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and 1. FC Union Berlin. He also plays for FSV Zwickau.
Rolando Maran was born in Italy and plays for Carrarese Calcio and F.C. Bari 1908. He is the manager of AC Chievo Verona.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy and plays for Torino F.C. and A.C. Chievo Verona. He is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis who have 1500 members. Their ground is in Efxeinoupoli and they play in the A EPSTH 2nd GROUP league.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool which is lead by the Conservative Party. Their manager is Stuart Parker who plays for Stockport County FC.
Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool where A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is located. The club's manager is Stuart Parker who played for Stockport County FC.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members and their ground is in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. They played in the 2014 season.
Association Football Club Fylde (abbreviated to A.F.C. Fylde) has 3180 members and their ground is Bryning Lane. They played in the 2014 season.
Paulo Sousa has been the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He has played for Juventus FC, Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and Inter Milan.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and their ground is located in Greece. They play in the Superleague Greece and played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs)'s ground is Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax and owned by AFC Ajax N.V. The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs. They have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season. Their nickname is Joden Godenzonen.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax. He is also a member of the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense's ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league where Vila Nova Futebol Clube have been champions.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are leaders. Rome is the capital of Italy.
Peter Stoger plays for SK Vorwarts Steyr, FC Admira Wacker Modling and FK Austria Wien. He is the manager of 1. FC Koln.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas and is 546 metres above sea level. The runway name is 17L/35R and has a length of 2194.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003.0. It serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, New York.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and has a length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has the IATA location identifier of AGR and the ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 3990.0 and the runway name is 08/26.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway name is 09R/27L and it is 3990.0 in length.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The USAF uses the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle as an aircraft fighter.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway name is 09/27 'Buitenveldertbaan' and is 2014.0 in length.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and is -3.3528 metres above sea level. The runway name is 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' and it has a length of 2014.0.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the inhabitants are known as Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It serves the city of Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport is owned by the Flemish Region and operated by the Flemish Government. It is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which has its headquarters in Ashgabat, Turkmenistan and its hub airport at Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and serves the city of Atlantic City. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. It is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority whose leader is Stephen Dilts.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel and the German language is spoken.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium and the French language is spoken.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake which is part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum and the Kurdish language is spoken.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The leader of Iraq is Haider al-Abadi and one of the languages spoken is Kurdish.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Punjab, Pakistan. The leader of Punjab is Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made from Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants. Poaceae belongs to the order of Commelinids and the class of Monocotyledon.
Rona Fairhead is a key person at the BBC which is located at Broadcasting House and broadcast Bananaman. It also produces BBC Radio.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright and first aired on STV on 3 October 1983.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by American Duncan Rouleau. Ryan Potter starred in the film.
The comic character Bolt, also known as Larry Bolatinsky, was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon, a Puerto Rican national.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank, California. It was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce et al. and is available as an E-book. It has 512 pages and has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
Wolters Kluwer is the parent company of Lippincott Williams & Wilkins who publish the AIDS journal in the United Kingdom. The leader of the UK is Elizabeth II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and is available in hardcover. It has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and is available in hardcover. The OCLC number is 49805501 and the ISBN number is 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, is available in hardcover and has 560 pages. It has the ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica (abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar.) comes under the academic discipline of Mathematics and has the LCCN number 83646315 and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) is in the academic discipline of Paleobiology. It has the LCCN number 60040714 and the ISSN number 0567-7920.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica (abbreviated to Acta Palaeontol. Pol.) is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences. The ISSN number is 1732-2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714.
Cornell University in New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. The Johns Hopkins University Press is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The book is written in English which is the language spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where English is spoken and Barack Obama is the leader. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alan Bean is an American born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong where Chris Patten is a representative. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 along with Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin (born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr.) was a crew member of Apollo 11 operated by NASA. He has won 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Mumbai was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education. It offers tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital of Romania is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the government type is magistrate.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala has 250 academic staff. Kochi is the leader of Kerala.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its anthem is Desteapta-te romane! The Germans of Romania are an ethnic group in Romania.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The country's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy. The main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese and olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
The main ingredients of Arròs negre are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers. The dish comes from the Catalonia region of Spain.
Arròs negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a traditional dish from the Catalonia region of Spain, where the Parliament of Catalonia is the leader. Spaniards are one of the ethnic groups there.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. The Malaysian Malay and Batak are ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. The Minangkabau people are an ethnic group in Sumatra and the Malays are also an ethnic group in Sumatra.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is John Roberts. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the United Kingdom. It is a variation of the BLT and the club sandwich.
The bacon sandwich is a dish from the United Kingdom. The main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment often ketchup or brown sauce. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. A cookie is also a dessert.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which can be found in the United States, Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from Hong Kong, France, United States or China.
Baked Alaska is a dish from Hong Kong and the United States. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Bakewell pudding is from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire. It is a variation of Bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves.
The main ingredients of Bakso are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots. The dish is popular nationwide in Indonesia and is also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables and fried shallots.
The main ingredients of Bandeja paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain, patacones, chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding, morcilla, avocado and lemon. The dish comes from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain, patacones, chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding, morcilla, avocado and lemon.
Barny cakes can be found in France where the French language is spoken and the leaders are Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
Batchoy is a dish from the region of La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. It contains vegetables.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, is a dish from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Sago and sweet potato are main ingredients in Binignit. Sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order Solanales.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader. Cookie is also a dessert.
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore and Java where the Baduy are an ethnic group. Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore.
Batchoy is a food found in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken and the Ilocano people and Zamboangans are ethnic groups.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and the Igorot and Zamboangans are ethnic groups.
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken. Cookie is also a dessert.
Binignit is a dessert found in the Philippines where Philippine English is spoken. Sandesh is also a dessert.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It was preceded by Grantville Gazette II and followed by Ring of Fire II which is written in English.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. Its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken. English is also spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and English is spoken. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and English is also spoken in Great Britain.
The Violet Keystone is the sequel to Above the Veil, which was preceded by Aenir, Castle and Into Battle, which was written by Australians.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, the language spoken in Great Britain. It originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in the United States and also in Great Britain.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634: The Galileo Affair. It comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and African Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is known as the President and English is spoken. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and English is also spoken in Great Britain.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. The leader of the U.S. is known as the President and the people are known as Americans. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Alpharetta is located in Fulton County, Georgia, U.S.A. The largest city in Fulton County is Atlanta. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Amarillo is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital of Texas is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. Anderson has a total area of 107.43 square kilometres and a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Antioch is part of Contra Costa County, California which is part of the San Francisco Bay Area. The leader of Antioch is California's 11th State Assembly district and the language spoken is English.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia and has the area code 404. It has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 344.9 square kilometres.
Attica, Indiana is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4.14 square kilometres. It is166.0 metres above sea level.
Auburn is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and African Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin is part of Williamson County, Texas, where the largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown. The language spoken in Texas is English.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas which has the county seat of San Marcos. Austin is part of Texas where the largest city is Houston and English is spoken.
Austin is part of Hays County, Texas which has the county seat of San Marcos. Austin is part of Texas where the largest city is Houston and Spanish is spoken.
Alexandria is part of Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital of Indiana is Indianapolis and the language spoken there is English.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas which has the county seat of Fort Worth. The largest city in Tarrant County is Houston. The language spoken in Texas is Spanish.
Arlington is part of Tarrant County, Texas, United States. Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County. Austin is the capital of Texas.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albany is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the inhabitants are known as Americans. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the inhabitants are known as Americans. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where English is spoken and the people are known as Americans.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which has the county seat of Opelika. Auburn is part of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The largest city in New Jersey is Newark and the capital is Trenton. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is part of New Mexico in the United States. The leader of the United States is known as the President and the language spoken is English. Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. The English language is spoken in the United States where the people are known as Americans and Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group. Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is known as the President and the people are known as Americans. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and falls under the category of Contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and falls under the category of Contributing property. Adams County has Cumberland County to its north and Carrol County, Maryland to its southeast. Frederick County, Maryland is southwest of Adams County.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The Atatürk Monument is located in Izmir, Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. Ahmet Davutoglu is the President of Turkey.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Kerala has Mahe, India to its northwest.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B.M. Reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its title is the Monarchy of Denmark.
AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India. Kerala's leader is Kochi and the country's largest city is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. The city of Aarhus is governed by a magistrate and has Mols to its northeast.
Baymax, a character in Big Hero 6, was created by American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle. Alan Tudyk starred in the film.
A.C. Lumezzane's ground is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader. Their manager is Michele Marcolini who plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and Vicenza Calcio.
AFC Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool which is lead by the Labour Party. Their manager is Stuart Parker who played for Chesterfield F.C. and Stockport County FC.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy where the Italian language is spoken. A.S. Gubbio 1910 play in the Serie D league where the champions are S.S. Robur Siena.
AEK Athens FC's ground is the Olympic Stadium in Marousi. Their manager is Gus Poyet who played for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea F.C.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Italians live. The capital of Italy is Rome and the language spoken is Italian.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the official language is Italian and the capital city is Rome. The leader of Italy is Sergio Mattarella and the people are known as Italians.
Arem-arem is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java. The leader of Indonesia is Jusuf Kalla and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. Malaysia's capital is Kuala Lumpur and its ethnic groups include the Malaysian Chinese and the Malaysian Malay.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. Malaysia's capital is Kuala Lumpur and its ethnic groups include the Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Indian.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malaysia. Malaysia's capital is Kuala Lumpur and its ethnic groups include the Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Indian.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and the ethnic groups are Malaysian Malay and Malaysian Indian.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. White Americans are an ethnic group there and Paul Ryan is a leader.
The bacon sandwich is a popular dish in the United Kingdom. The main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment often ketchup or brown sauce. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm and bacon muffin. It is a variation of the BLT.
Baked Alaska is a dish from France and Hong Kong. The leaders of France are Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher and the language spoken is French.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Antioquia Department region of Colombia. It contains lemon which is a member of the Rosids order and the Rutaceae family.
Francois Hollande and Gerard Larcher are leaders in France, where the French language is spoken. Barny cakes, made with sponge cake, are popular in the country.
Batagor, Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader. Siomay and Shumai are variations of the same dish. Shiitake is an ingredient in Siomay.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader. It is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. Shiitake is an ingredient in Shumai.
Bhajji, also known as Bhaji or bajji, is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India, where T. S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala are leaders. The people of India are known as Indians.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The leaders of India are T. S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan. The people of India are known as Indians.
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Enrique Pena Nieto is the leader of Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken. Bionico is a dessert that can be served with honey.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region. Honey can be added to Bionico.
Arròs negre originates from the Catalonia region of Spain. The leader of Catalonia is Carles Puigdemont and the leader of Spain is Felipe VI. Spaniards are one of the ethnic groups of Spain.
Amatriciana sauce comes from Italy where the capital is Rome and the language is Italian. Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy.
Amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leaders are Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy where the capital city is Rome and the language spoken is Italian. Amatriciana sauce is a traditional Italian sauce.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. The dish is made with fried chicken and can be found nationwide and also in Malaysia and Singapore.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java where the Javanese people are an ethnic group. It is also found in Singapore where English is spoken and the leader is Tony Tan.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where Arabic and Philippine Spanish are spoken. Zamboangans and Chinese Filipino are ethnic groups in the Philippines.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain. Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia. The Spanish language is spoken in Spain and Spaniards are an ethnic group there.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain, where Susana Diaz is a leader. Felipe VI is the leader of Spain, where the people are known as Spaniards.
Alan Bean is an American test pilot who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders is an American who was born in British Hong Kong. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA and commanded by Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on 20 January 1930. He was a United States national who served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot. Buzz Aldrin is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. He died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and Benitoite is a gemstone.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, part of the Central Denmark region in Denmark. The leader of Denmark is Margrethe II and the Faroese language is spoken.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastian de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and is 610 metres above sea level. The runway name is 14L/32R and has a length of 4100.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has a runway length of 1818.0 and is 167.94 metres above sea level. Its ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase in Iraq is operated by the United States Air Force. The ICAO location identifier is ORAA and the runway name is 08/26. The runway length is 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It is operated by the United States Air Force and has the ICAO location identifier ORAA. The runway name is 08/26 and has a length of 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the bombing of Libya in 1986. The USAF uses the Lockheed AC-130 as an attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III as a transport aircraft and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon as an aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force who fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The USAF uses the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules transport aircraft.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made of Poaceae and has a length of 733.0. The runway name is 08/26.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 3310.0. The runway name is 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. It serves the city of Lahore and has a runway length of 2900.0. The runway name is 18R/36L.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. It is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0. The runway name is 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0. The runway name is 1/19.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05L/23R which is 3800.0 in length.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis and the language spoken is Greek.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens in Greece. The leaders of Greece are Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. The language spoken in Greece is Greek.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium. The country's leaders are Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel. The capital of the country is Brussels.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. Its ICAO location identifier is KACY.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake, Harrietstown, New York, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the cities of Lake Placid and Saranac Lake. Saranac Lake is part of Harrietstown, Essex County, New York, United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. The leader of Uttar Pradesh is Ram Naik and the airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which uses the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The leaders of Iraq are Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum. Arabic is spoken in the country.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843.8 square metres. The building was started in January 2014 and has the architectural style of Postmodern architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States, where Rahm Emanuel is a leader. Springfield is the capital of Illinois.
Marriott International, founded in Washington D.C., is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen, Denmark. Denmark's leader is Margrethe II and the Faroese language is spoken.
Bill Marriott is a key person at Marriott International which was founded in Washington D.C. and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark. Greenlandic is the language spoken in Denmark.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken. The country is the location of the AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is owned by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Palace of Westminster and Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland. Enda Kenny is the leader of the Republic of Ireland.
The Government of Addis Ababa are the current tenants of Addis Ababa City Hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964. It has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a height of 42 m.
The Akita Museum of Art has 3 floors and is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Taro Aso and one of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Chinese people.
The Mason School of Business are the current tenants of Alan B Miller Hall in Virginia, United States. The Hall was designed by Robert A M Stern and is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. Gujarat is lead by the Gujarat Legislative Assembly and Sumitra Mahajan.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of the Eastern Province is Austin Fernando and the leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka where the governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council. Sri Lanka's leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe and its capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, Asilomar State Beach, Hearst Castle and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomar State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, Manhattan, New Netherland, United States. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The city's leader is John Clancy and the governing body is Birmingham City Council. The postcode area of Birmingham is B.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is known as the President. John Roberts and Barack Obama are leaders in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania and falls under the category of Contributing property. Adams County has Franklin County to its west, Cumberland County to its north and Frederick County, Maryland to its southwest.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner, is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the capital is Baku and the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, also known as Turk Sehitleri Aniti, was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan where Artur Rasizade is the leader.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland, United States. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorised as a historic district.
Alan Bean is an American who was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean (born Alan LaVern Bean) was a crew member of Apollo 12 operated by NASA. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander. Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member of NASA's Apollo 11 along with backup pilot William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy, which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California, where Dianne Feinstein is a senator and the gemstone Benitoite and the fossil Smilodon are found.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He graduated from AFIT in 1962 with an M.S. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He served as a crew member on NASA's Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders graduated from AFIT with an M.S. in 1962. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot and Frank Borman was a crew member. Anders is now retired.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala, India was established in 2001. Kerala is lead by Kochi and India's largest city is Mumbai. The Ganges is a river in India.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, the capital of which is Bucharest. The country's anthem is Desteapta-te romane! and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital city is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The currency is the Turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze Atatürk Monument which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is made of bronze and is located in Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is known as the President of Turkey. Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey.
The Atatürk Monument (Izmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is located in Turkey. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira. The leader of Turkey is known as the President and Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta. The leader of Switzerland is the Federal Chancellor.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the state of Karnataka, which has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west. It was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education, which is located in Mumbai. One of the sports offered at the Institute is tennis, which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. Romania's capital is Bucharest and its leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis. The country's anthem is Desteapta-te romane! and one of its ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association and has 737 academic staff. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its government type is magistrate.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928 and has 16000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association. Its Latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
Alan Bean is an American who was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin in 1955 with a B.S. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18th, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with an M.A. He was a test pilot who was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
Alan Bean is an American who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA and commanded by David Scott. Alfred Worden was a backup pilot on Apollo 12.
Buzz Aldrin (also known as Edwin E. Aldrin Jr.) was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and a crew member of Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin was born on 20 January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and has won 20 awards. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20, 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is an American who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
American William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He served as a crew member on NASA's Apollo 8 along with backup pilot Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He served as a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 and spent 8820 minutes in space. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart award.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub is the Vice President of Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak.
Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib is the successor of Abdul Taib Mahmud.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's active years ended on 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal retired on 3 January 1965.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway lives in Gravesend.
Adenan Satem graduated from the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Scharf was born in Mikulov.
Antonis Samaras is the Prime Minister of Greece where Adonis Georgiadis is the leader.
Adonis Georgiadis worked as the Deputy Minister for Development Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave's active years began on June 30th, 1953.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave has the rank of Lieutenant colonel.
Airey Neave began service in 1935.
Albert B. White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Albert B. White's wife is Agnes Ward White.
Albert Jennings Fountain was a member of the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is an Argentine national.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
The active years of Alfred Moore Scales began on March 4th, 1875.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips worked as the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers began his active years on January 21st, 1947.
Allan Shivers is a member of the United States Army.
Allan Shivers was followed by Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin's active years began on March 4th, 1853.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States.
Robert E. Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria.
The commander of the Battle of Antietam was Robert E. Lee.
The Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Colin Powell was the commander of the Gulf War.
Dwight D. Eisenhower was the predecessor of John F. Kennedy.
Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain is the predecessor of Francisco Franco.
Juan Peron is a member of the Labour Party Argentina.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Dodge Coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 Dodge.
The 1955 Dodge has an engine of 230 cubic inches.
A-Rosa Luna was born on the 7th of April 2005.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AIDAstella was born on March 16th, 2013.
AIDAstella was completed on March 11th, 2013.
AIDAstella's maiden voyage was on 17 March 2013.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises.
ALV X-1 was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The American Motors Matador is the alternative name for the AMC Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 was sold to the Netherlands on 1 April 1948.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe has a Straight-four engine.
The Honda K is the engine of the Acura TLX.
The Acura TLX is an AWD vehicle.
The Honda Accord is a type of transportation for the Acura TLX.
The 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic V6 is the transmission of the Acura TLX.
Alfa Romeo 164 is in Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic ZF 4HP18QE.
Alhambra was built by the Samuda Brothers.
Alhambra has a ship beam of 8.3 m.
Alhambra is in the state of being demolished.
Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a Straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed 25 was started in 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 has a draft of 4.6 m.
The Antares rocket's final flight was on 2014-10-28.
The Antares rocket is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
The Guiana Space Centre is the launch site of Ariane 5.
Ariane 5's maiden flight was on 11th August 2005.
The body style of the Aston Martin V8 is Convertible.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin V8.
Aston Martin is the manufacturer of the Aston Martin Virage.
Atlas II's final flight was on 16 March 1998.
The launch site of Atlas II is Vandenberg Air Force Base.
August Horch is the founder of Audi.
The assembly of the Audi A1 is in Audi Brussels.
The Audi A1 is a type of transportation, as is the SEAT Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa.
Chrysler Newport is a type of transportation for DeSoto Custom.
Alfa Romeo 164 is a type of transportation for the Fiat Croma.
Germans are the people of Germany.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The headquarters of the Guiana Space Centre are in Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda is the manufacturer of the Honda K engine.
The anthem of the United States is The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A.C. Milan's chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernandez plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Abner was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
Al Kharaitiyat SC play in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin played for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alan Martin played for the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd of September 1995.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. has a height of 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. plays in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus plays in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons play in the city of Atlanta.
The general manager of the Boston Bruins is Don Sweeney.
Budapest is located in the country of Hungary.
English is the language of Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets are from the city of Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
Ferencvarosi TC's chairman is Gabor Kubatov.
Finnish is the language spoken in Finland.
Daniele Zoratto is the manager of the Italy national under-16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the manager of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Fir Park is the ground of Motherwell F.C.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis Rams play in the city of St. Louis.
The Tennessee Titans are based in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram's active years began in 1998.
Aaron Deer is a member of The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer is on the Kill Rock Stars record label.
Aaron Turner is in the genre of Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is a member of the progressive metal genre.
Abradab is a solo singer.
Abradab was born on 12 November 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is in the genre of Hip hop.
Agustin Barboza is in the genre of Guarania music.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock.
Albennie Jones is associated with Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovac is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovac is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Aleksandra Kovac is in the genre ofSoul music.
Alex Day is in the genre of synthpop.
Hector Numa Moraes is an associated musician with Alfred Zitarrosa.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell's active years began in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of jazz.
Alison O'Donnell uses the voice bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on the 4th of February 1981.
Allen Forrest is in the genre of Pop music.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Johnny Sansone is an associated musician with Anders Osborne.
Anders Osborne is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Alligator Records is the record label for Anders Osborne.
The Andra singer is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel began his active years in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with the band Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova.
Marry Banilow is an associated musician with Andrew White.
Andrew White is on the B-Unique Records label.
Asuncion is part of Gran Asuncion.
Christian Burns uses the guitar as an instrument.
Hip hop is a genre ofgangsta rap.
Funk is the origin of the genre of Hip hop.
Indie rock originates from New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distributor of RCA Records.
Blues is the origin of rock and roll.
Synthpop originates from the genre of Pop music.
British people live in the United Kingdom.
19255 1994 VK8 has a density of 2.0 gram perCubicCentimetres.
29075 1950 DA was found by Carl A. Wirtanen.
410777 2009 FD has anabsolute Magnitude of 22.1.
410777 2009 FD has anapoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres.
66063 1998 RO1 has anapoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
66063 1998 RO1 was found on 4 November 2013.
1000 Piazzia has anescape velocity of 0.0252 kilometre per second.
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC.
1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165.0 kelvins.
Theapoapsis of 101 Helena is 441092000.0 kilometres.
101 Helena was written on the 31st of December 2006.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 kilometre per second.
103 Hera has anabsolute Magnitude of 7.66.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
107 Camilla has anabsolute Magnitude of 7.08.
107 Camilla was found by A. Storrs.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A894 VA, A904 VD.
The orbital period of 1089 Tama is 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometre per second.
1097 Vicia is anepoch of 2006-12-31.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
109 Felicitas was found by Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometre per second.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia was written on the 31st of December, 2006.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 kelvins.
James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg and won the Purple Heart.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who has a Deputy called Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and graduated from the Technical Institute Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria, was followed by Al-Amin Daggash.
Abdulsalami Abubakar's successor was Olusegun Obasanjo and he retired on 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the Vice President who was preceded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lives in Gravesend.
Adam Koc fought in World War I and won the Virtuti Militari award.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and worked as a Parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave was a member of the Royal Artillery and was awarded the Military Cross.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France in 1974.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France which was commanded by Hugo Sperrle.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin D. Roosevelt was the commander.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White was born on September 22nd, 1856 and died in 1941.
Albert B. White was a politician who was born on September 22nd, 1856.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was the Vice President of the United States and died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and is a member of the Republican Party of the United States.
Alberto Teisaire was the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and his successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the Tyrol state of Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales was a politician who served as the governor of North Carolina. His successor was James W. Reid.
Alfred Moore Scales was followed by Daniel Gould Fowle who graduated from Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips was a member of the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, Port Arthur.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, Port Arthur. His successor was Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23rd, 1793 and served as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for the Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernandez plays for Penarol, whose manager is Jorge Orosman da Silva.
Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo and Penarol.
Adam Maher plays for AZ Alkmaar and the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvarosi TC whose manager is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national football team and the T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers was a member of the New England Patriots and was a draft pick of 39.
Akeem Ayers was a member of the Tennessee Titans and was a draft pick of 39.
Akeem Dent was born on 27 September 1987.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and the Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Khor Sports Club whose ground is in Al Khor.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC whose manager is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin played for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Leeds United FC.
Alan Martin plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. whose ground is New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born on the 2nd of September 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow whose manager is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Alex Tyus was born on 1988-01-08 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantu.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, which is lead by the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the language is English.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi whose manager is Levan Khomeriki.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS who play in the Veikkausliiga league.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer, who plays the guitar, is in the genre of Psychedelia.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana, United States.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band which is in the genre of Electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner, who is in the genre of Avant-garde metal, uses the voice as an instrument.
Abradab is the band of Kaliber 44 and Magik rapper.
Abradab was born in Katowice on 12 November 1978.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre of Hip hop, which is a genre of disco.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer who is on the Warner Music Group record label.
Agustin Barboza was born in Paraguay and is on the Philips Records label.
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock and is also in the genre of bhangra.
Alan Frew is in the genre of rock, which is a genre of country music.
Albennie Jones is in the genre of jazz, which has the blues as its genre.
Aleksandra Kovac is a singer in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac is in the genre of Rhythm and blues, which is a genre of blues.
Aleksandra Kovac is in the genre ofSoul music and was active in 1990.
Alex Day is a member of the genre of Synthpop, which is a genre of New wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a singer in the genre of Milonga.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a singer in the genre of Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a member of the Zamba artform and is a solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of Folk rock and is on the Floating World Records label.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of jazz and uses the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest, who is a solo singer, is in the genre of Hip hop.
Andrew White is a member of the Christian alternative rock genre.
Tab Benoit and Anders Osborne are both associated with the band Phil Lesh and Friends.
Rabadash Records is the record label for Anders Osborne who is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Anders Osborne is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre and is on the Shanachie Records label.
The Andra singer is in the genre of Pop music and was active in 2000.
Andra is a singer in the genre of Rhythm and blues, which is a genre of blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Mark Sixma and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew White is a member of the alternative rock genre, which originates from New wave music.
Al Anderson NRBQ band is in the genre of country music and uses the Banjo as an instrument.
Andrew White is on the Polydor Records label which is located in London.
19255 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometre per second and anapoapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres.
410777 2009 FD has aapoapsis of 259776702.47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211.0 kelvins.
410777 2009 FD was found by Spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
66063 1998 RO1 was found on the 4th of November, 2013 and has anescape velocity of 0.0999 kilometre per second.
66391 1999 KW4 was found on 14 July 2004 and has an orbital period of 16244700.0.
66391 1999 KW4 was found on 14 July 2004 and is in the rotation period of 9953.28.
101 Helena was found by James Craig Watson who died of peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 kilometre per second and anapoapsis of 611961000.0 kilometres.
1036 Ganymed was found by Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire.
1036 Ganymed was found by German national Walter Baade.
103 Hera was found by James Craig Watson who died of peritonitis.
103 Hera was found by Canadian James Craig Watson.
107 Camilla was found by N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB and was published on 26 November 2005.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179.0 kelvins and anapoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia was found on 31st December 2006 and has a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has aapoapsis of 523329000.0 kilometres and a temperature of 170.0 kelvins.
109 Felicitas was found on 31st December 2006 and has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and is in the epoch of 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea has aapoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and is in theepoch of 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia is 6.7 kilograms and was published on the 31st of December 2006.
110 Lydia was found on the 31st of December 2006 and has an orbital period of 142603000.0.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
A-Rosa Luna was ordered on 22 January 2004 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna has a length of 252000.0 millimetres and a top speed of 40.744.
AIDAstella was born on March 16th, 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The AlCO RS-3 has a diesel-electric transmission and was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works.
ALV X-1 has 2 stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres.
The AMC Matador, which was made in 1974, is located in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
Richard A. Teague is an employee of Chrysler and designed the AMC Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is located in Argentina and has a length of 2000.0 millimetres.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Milan and is a type of transportation, as is the Saab 9000.
Fiat Croma is a type of transportation for Alfa Romeo 164 which is in Italy.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Italy and is related to Lancia Thema.
Alvis Speed 25 is made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company in Coventry.
The Alvis Speed 25 has an engine of 4387.0 cubicCentimetres. It has a single plate clutch, a separate 4-speed gearbox, an all-silent and all-syncromesh centre change lever, an open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, a spiral bevel and a floating back axle.
The Alvis Speed 25 has a Straight-six engine, a single plate clutch, a 4-speed gearbox, an all-silent and all-syncromesh centre change lever, an open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, a spiral bevel and a floating back axle.
American Motors, the manufacturer of the Eagle automobile, is also the manufacturer of the AMC Matador.
The Antares rocket's maiden flight was on January 9th, 2014 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo V-2 is located in Argentina where the leader is Gabriela Michetti.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA-3.
Airbus Defence and Space is the parent company of Airbus Group and is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5.
Aston Martin V8 is made in the United Kingdom and is a type of transportation. It is also known as the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8 is the successor to the Aston Martin Virage and is made by the company Aston Martin.
Aston Martin DBS is a type of transportation for the Aston Martin V8 which is the successor to the Aston Martin Virage.
The Aston Martin V8 is the sequel to the Aston Martin Virage which was made by Aston Martin.
Atlas II has a diameter of 3.04 m and its final flight was on 16 March 1998.
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of Atlas II which was launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
The Audi A1 is made by the division of Audi e-tron.
Ducati is a subsidiary of Audi which is the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
Quattro GmbH is a subsidiary of Audi which is the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
AIDAluna is made by Caterpillar, whose key person is Douglas R. Oberhelman.
Vandenberg Air Force Base is the launch site of the Antares rocket which is similar to the Delta II.
Finland, led by Juha Sipila, is the builder of the Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat, whose parent company is General Dynamics.
A-Rosa Luna's power type is the MTU Friedrichshafen which is owned by Rolls-Royce Holdings.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is from.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg. He was awarded the Purple Heart.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University, Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is the successor of Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who has a Deputy called Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Sarawak. He is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and graduated from the Technical Institute, Kaduna. He worked as the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a member of the Nigerian Air Force. His successor is Atiku Abubakar and his predecessor was Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a member of the Nigerian Army and was the Vice President under Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain. He worked as a member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal was a member of the United States Army and fought in World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens and is a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Adam Holloway was a member of the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War where the commander was George H. W. Bush.
Adam Holloway was born inaversham and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party UK.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish-Soviet War where the commander was Leon Trotsky.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War and was commanded by Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was the Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of the Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece and worked as the Minister for Health.
Adonis Georgiadis is a member of the New Democracy party which has the colour blue and is led by Antonis Samaras.
Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. She worked for the House of Representatives and is now retired.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She is a member of the Socialist Party Netherlands.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany. She graduated from Radboud University, Nijmegen and worked as a member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, began his active years on 30th June 1953 and retired on 30th March 1979.
Airey Neave, who fought in World War II, began his active years on March 4th, 1974 and retired on March 30th, 1979.
Albert B. White was born on September 22nd, 1856 and died on July 3rd, 1941.
Albert B. White was born in Marietta, Ohio and his wife was Agnes Ward White. He was the father of William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island and died in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born on Staten Island, New York and died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the governing body is the Buenos Aires City Legislature and the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as a Rear admiral and was the successor of Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol, Austria. He died in Graz.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He was followed by Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from the 4th district. He was followed by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4, Port Arthur. He was a member of the Democratic Party of the United States. His successor was Wilfred R Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin, who died on March 3rd, 1857, was from the region of Vermont where the largest city is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin was born on the 23rd of October, 1793 in the United States. He was a member of the Whig Party which is led by Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and is a member of the Whig Party which is led by Daniel Webster.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States and fought in the American Civil War where the commander was Abraham Lincoln.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg which was part of the American Civil War which was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria where the leader is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the Tyrol state and died in Austria where the leader is Doris Bures.
Doris Bures is the leader of Austria where Alfred Gorbach died.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church which was part of the American Civil War and was commanded by Robert E. Lee.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Adam Koc is an ethnic group from Poland where the Polish language is spoken and the Kashubians are an ethnic group.
19255 1994 VK8 has an escape velocity of 0.0925 kilometre per second and aapoapsis of 6603633000.6 kilograms.
410777 2009 FD was found by Spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
66063 1998 RO1 has a minimum temperature of -71.0 degreeCelsius and a maximum temperature of 500.0 kelvins. Itsapoapsis is 254989570.60815 kilometres.
66391 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 kilometre per second and aapoapsis of 162164091.8388 kilometres. It has a density of 2.0 gram perCubicCentimetres.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0. It is part of the epoch 2015-06-27.
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as 1923 OAA907 XC and was found on 27th June 2015 with a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres.
101 Helena has aapoapsis of 441092000.0 kilograms and anescape velocity of 0.0348 kilometre per second.
1036 Ganymed was found by German national Walter Baade who graduated from the University of Gottingen.
103 Hera was found on 27 August 2011 by James Craig Watson who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera was found by James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin of peritonitis.
103 Hera was born on August 27, 2011 and has anapoapsis of437170000.0 kilometres and an orbital period of 1622.213 days.
103 Hera has an escape velocity of 0.0482 kilometre per second and a temperature of 170.0 kelvins. Itsapoapsis is437170000.0 kilometres.
107 Camilla was found by English national N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD and was part of the Orbital Period of 1202.846 days from 2005-11-26.
1089 Tama was found on the 26th of November 2005 and has a periapsis of 288749000000.0 and aapoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia was formerly known as 1928 PC and was found on the 31st of December 2006. It has a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 kilograms and is part of the epoch of 2006-12-31 with an orbital period of 139705000.0.
109 Felicitas is located at 523329000.0 kilometres and has an orbital period of 139705000.0. It was found on December 31st, 2006.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometre per second and an orbital period of 5.57 days. Itsapoapsis is 523951582.33968 kilometres.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and anapoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has an average speed of 16.76 kilometre per second.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres and aapoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres. It has a temperature of 164.0 kelvins.
110 Lydia is 6.7 kilograms and has a periapsis of377016000000.0. It was found on the 31st of December 2006.
110 Lydia was found on the 31st of December 2006 and has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and aapoapsis of 440756000.0 kilometres.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Kids Imagine Nation and the band Suburban Legends which is in the genre of Pop music.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States and is part of the genre of Indie rock.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States and is part of the Psychedelia genre.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and the Greymachine. He is also a member of the Black metal genre.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and the Greymachine. He is also a member of the Drone music genre.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and the Mamiffer band. He is also a member of the Ambient music genre.
Aaron Turner, who uses the electric guitar, is a member of the genre of Black metal, which is part of the genre of Death metal.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Black metal genre, which is part of the genre of Death metal. He is also a singer.
Abradab was born on November 12th, 1978. He is a member of the Kaliber 44 band and the Magik rapper.
Abradab originates from Katowice and is associated with the bands Kaliber 44 and Magik rapper.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre of Hip hop, which has the genres of funk and disco.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion, Paraguay where the leader is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson, who is a member of the NRBQ band, is a member of the rock band NRBQ. He uses the voice as an instrument.
Alan Frew is a member of the genre of rock, which is a genre of country music and also includes the genre of bhangra.
Albennie Jones is a member of the genre of jazz, which is part of the genre of Afrobeat.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi. He is in the genre of Rhythm and blues, which is a genre of disco.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the K2 Kovac sisters duo and the Bebi Dol band. She is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac and Kornelije Kovac are both associated with the band Bebi Dol which is in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the K2 Kovac sisters duo and the Rhythm and blues genre. Kristina Kovac is also a member of the K2 Kovac sisters duo.
Alex Day is a member of the genre of synthpop, which is a genre of pop and disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, United Kingdom. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is lead by the Labour Party. He died in Sidcup.
Boris Johnson is the leader of London where Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the band Mellow Candle and the band Flibbertigibbet. She is part of the genre of Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the Mellow Candle and the Flibbertigibbet bands. She is in the genre of folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of jazz, which is a genre of Funk. She uses the voice bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell is in the genre of jazz, which is a genre of Funk. She is on the Static Caravan Recordings label.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. He is a singer in the genre of Pop music.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama. He is a solo singer and a member of the Rhythm and blues genre.
Andrew White is a member of the alternative rock genre, which is part of the genre of New wave and part of the genre of Nu metal.
Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit are associated with Anders Osborne as well as Kirk Joseph.
Rabadash Records is the record label for Anders Osborne who is a member of the rock genre and is also in the genre of Bhangra.
Puya and Andra are both associated with the band CRBL. Andra is a member of the dance-pop genre.
Marius Moga and Andreea Balan are associated with Andra who is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre.
Andra is a singer in the genre of Rhythm and blues, which is a genre of disco.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Trance music genre. He is also associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Bobina and is a member of the band Jonathan Mendelsohn which is in the genre of Trance.
Andrew Rayel and Jwaydan Moyine are both associated with the band Christian Burns who is in the genre of House music.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs and the Marry Banilow band. He is also a member of the Universal Records defunct record label.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the band Suburban Legends and is a member of the genre ofka punk, which originates from the country of Ska.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi, United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 1955 Dodge, also known as the Dodge Coronet, has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship which was ordered on 22 January 2004 and has a length of 125800.0 millimetres.
A-Rosa Luna has a length of 125800.0 millimetres, a displacement of 1850.0 tonnes and a top speed of 24.0.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany.
AIDAstella, which has a length of 253260.0 millimetres, was born on March 16, 2013 and was in service on March 17, 2013.
The American Locomotive Company is the builder of the AlCO RS-3 which has a four-stroke engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The American Locomotive Company is the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, is the builder of theALCO RS-3 which has a length of 17068.8 millimetres.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
ALV X-1 has 2 stages and a diameter of 1.524 metres. It has been launched 1 time.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe was produced in 1958 and has the body style of a Coupe. It has a Straight-four engine.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupe is a two door coupe with a length of 2160.0 millimetres and a width of 1.55.
The Ilyksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Helsinki and has the ship Beam of 21.2.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome. The Fiat Croma is a type of transportation.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the main mean of transportation is Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Arese and is a member of the Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema groups.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Milan and is related to the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma.
Alhambra has a length of 63800.0 millimetres and a beam of 8.3 m. It was launched on 31st of May, 1855.
Alhambra, which has a beam of 8.3 m, was launched on the 31st of May, 1855 and is now in the state of wreck.
The Alvis Speed 25 is made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and uses the engine of petrol.
Roy D Chapin Jr. is a key person at American Motors, the manufacturer of the Eagle automobile and the AMC Matador.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which is similar to the Delta II which originates from the United States.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which is aMedium expendable launch system. It is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Guiana Space Centre is the location of ENA-3 which is the launch site of Ariane 5 which was designed by Arianespace.
Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom is the location of the Aston Martin V8 which has an engine of 5.3 litres. The V8 is a type of transportation for the Aston Martin DBS.
The Aston Martin V8, which has an engine of 5.3 litres, is made in the UK and is a type of transportation for the Aston Martin DBS.
Atlas II originates from the United States and was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Atlas II originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the President.
Atlas II originates from the United States and is located at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station and the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
The Audi A1, which has an engine of 1.2 litres, is made in Audi Brussels and has the body style of a Hatchback.
The Volkswagen Polo and the Audi A1 are both made by Audi. The Volkswagen Polo and the Audi A1 are both used by SEAT Ibiza.
AIDAluna is made by Caterpillar, which was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and is operated by Caterpillar, which is located in Illinois.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and owned by Costa Crociere in Genoa.
Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 is the location of the Antares rocket, which originates from the United States and is similar to the Delta II.
The Guiana Space Centre, which has its headquarters in French Guiana, is the location of ENA-3 which is the launch site of Ariane 5.
The Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana and is the location of ENA-3 which is the launch site of Ariane 5.
A-Rosa Luna was designed by the company Neptun Werft which is located in the city of Rostock, Germany.
Atlas II originates from the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen and VfL Wolfsburg. He also plays for Goslarer SC 08.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II and VfL Wolfsburg, whose manager is Dieter Hecking.
Abel Hernandez played for Central Espanol and now plays for Hull City A.F.C. and U.S. Citta di Palermo.
Abel Hernandez plays for Central Espanol and U.S. Citta di Palermo. He also plays for Penarol.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and plays for AZ Alkmaar and PSV Eindhoven.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and W Connection F.C. His ground is in Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers was a member of the Los Angeles Rams. He was selected in the 2nd round of the 2011 NFL Draft with the pick 39.
Akeem Ayers was a member of the St. Louis Rams. He was selected in the 2nd round of the 2011 NFL Draft with a pick of 39.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under-20 football team.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al Kharaitiyat SC who have their ground in Al Khor. He also plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989 and played for Clyde FC and Hamilton Academical FC.
Alan Martin played for Motherwell F.C. and Accrington Stanley F.C. His ground is in Accrington.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on the 2nd of September 1995. He plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on the 2nd of September 1995. He was selected by the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia where Vladimir Putin is the leader.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Tom Tomsk and the Russia national football B team.
Aleksandre Guruli is in the AZAL PFK club and plays for Olympique Lyonnais whose ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais who have their ground at Parc Olympique Lyonnais. He also plays for US Lesquin.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and the Italy national under-16 football team. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan and U.C. Sampdoria. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and the Italy national under-16 football team which is managed by Daniele Zoratto.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for U.C. Sampdoria and the Italy national under-17 football team.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla. He has a height of 1.9304.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and plays for Anyang Halla. He has a height of 1.9304.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and his manager is Zvi Sherf. He plays in the Euroleague.
Alex Tyus is in the Turkish Basketball Super League and plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. whose manager is Zvi Sherf.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk and FC Spartak Moscow, whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow (whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena) and FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
FC Torpedo Moscow, managed by Valery Petrakov, played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season. Their player is Aleksandr Chumakov.
Abel Hernandez is a member of the Uruguay Olympic football team and plays for Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow, where the leader is Sergey Sobyanin. He died in Russia.
Abner plays for the Brazil national under-20 football team and Real Madrid Castilla, whose manager is Luis Miguel Ramis.
Abner plays for Real Madrid Castilla and C.D. FAS. Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis which is part of Greater St. Louis and is lead by Francis G Slay.
Akeem Ayers played for the New England Patriots and the Tennessee Titans. The Titans are based in Nashville, Tennessee.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and plays for United Petrotrin F.C. whose ground is at Palo Seco.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen II who play in the 3 Liga league. Their manager is Alexander Nouri.
Abel Hernandez is a member of the Penarol club and the youth club of Central Espanol. He also plays for Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce.
Abel Hernandez plays for Central Espanol and the U.S. Citta di Palermo. He also plays for Penarol, whose manager is Jorge Orosman da Silva.
Abel Hernandez plays for U.S. Citta di Palermo in Serie A. He previously played for Penarol. His manager is Giuseppe Iachini.
Adam McQuaid was born on the 12th of October, 1986 in Prince Edward Island. He is 94.8024 kilograms.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins. Adam McQuaid played for the Columbus Blue Jackets in the city of Columbus, Ohio.
Akeem Ayers was born on the 10th of July, 1989 and played for the St. Louis Rams and the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He played for the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on 27 September 1987. He played for the Atlanta Falcons and the Houston Texans.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Al-Zawra'a SC and Al Kharaitiyat SC. Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is in Al Khor and their manager is Amar Osim.
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC who have their ground in Al Khor. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for the Iraq national under-23 football team.
Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is in Al Khor and their manager is Amar Osim. Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989 and plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. and Crewe Alexandra F.C. He is 185.42 centimetres.
Alan Martin was born on January 1st, 1989 and plays for Crewe Alexandra F.C. and the Scotland national under-21 football team. He is 185.42 centimetres.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and is 185.0 centimetres. He plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989 and plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Rubin Kazan. He is 185.0 centimetres.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni. He is 178.0 centimetres tall.
Alex Plante was born in Canada on the 9th of May, 1989. He is a member of the Anyang Halla club.
Alex Plante was born in Canada in 1989. He is a member of the Anyang Halla club and has a height of 1.9304.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. The language spoken in the country is Inuktitut.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada, where the anthem is O Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in the country.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. The language spoken in the country is the Slavey language.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and now plays for FC Terek Grozny. The club's ground is in Grozny and their manager is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow, whose chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov. The club played in the 2014-15 Russian Premier League season and their manager is Valery Petrakov.
Akeem Dent played for the Houston Texans and the Atlanta Falcons.
Abel Hernandez played for Penarol in the Uruguayan Primera Division. He now plays for Hull City A.F.C. whose manager is Steve Bruce.
19255 1994 VK8 is part of the epoch of 2006-12-31 and has an orbital period of 8788850000.0. It has aapoapsis of 6603633000.0 and a periapsis of6155910000000.0.
66063 1998 RO1 is located at 254989570.60815 kilometres and has anescape velocity of 0.0999 kilometre per second. It was established on 4 November 2013 and has an orbital period of 360.29 days.
66063 1998 RO1 has a mean temperature of 265.0 kelvins and anapoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres. It was established on the 4th of November, 2013 and has an orbital period of 360.29 days.
1000 Piazzia is in the epoch of 2015-06-27 and has an orbital period of488160.0, a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and anescape velocity of 0.0252 kilometre per second.
1001 Gaussia was found by Sergey Belyavsky on 27 June 2015 and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 kilometres. It was previously known as 1923 OAA907 XC.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was the doctoral student of Allan Sandage and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade was born in Preussisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was the doctoral student of Halton Arp and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
1036 Ganymed was found by Walter Baade who graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was a doctoral student of Halton Arp and died in West Germany.
103 Hera was found by James Craig Watson who graduated from the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He died of peritonitis.
103 Hera has anapoapsis of437170000.0 kilometres and was found by Canadian James Craig Watson who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera was found by Canadian national James Craig Watson who died in Madison, Wisconsin. He died of peritonitis.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He is the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of479343000.0 kilometres.
107 Camilla was found on 1st March 2001 by N. R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD and was born on the 26th of November, 2005. It has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000.0.
1089 Tama has anescape velocity of 0.0068 kilometre per second and anapoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres. It was born on November 26, 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kilograms and anapoapsis of 511592000.0. It was born on 31st December 2006 and has an orbital period of 135589000.0 kilometres.
109 Felicitas is located at a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and has anescape velocity of 0.0473 kilometre per second. It was found on December 31st, 2006 and has anorbital period of 139705000.0.
10 Hygiea was formerly known as A900 GA and was established on 27 June 2015. It has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0.
1101 Clematis was established on 31st December 2006 and has anescape velocity of 0.02 kilometre per second. It has anapoapsis of 520906000.0 and an orbital period of 183309000.0.
1101 Clematis was formerly known as 1928 SJ and was found on the 31st of December 2006. It has a periapsis of 445895000000.0 and anorbital period of 183309000.0.
1101 Clematis has anescape velocity of 0.02 kilometre per second and an orbital period of 183309000.0. Its periapsis is 445895000000.0 and it was found on December 31, 2006.
Dodge is the manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge which has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic. It has a length of 120.0 inches.
DeSoto Custom and DeSoto Firedome are the successors to the DeSoto automobile which is the manufacturer of the 1955 Dodge. The 1955 Dodge is a variant of the Chrysler Newport.
AIDAstella was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by Costa Crociere. It is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Rostock.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises. It was designed by Meyer Werft and has a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the AlCO RS-3 which was built between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has a V12 engine and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It was built between May 1950 and August 1956.
The American Locomotive Company was founded in Schenectady, New York, United States. It is the builder of theALCO RS-3 which is 17068.8 millimetres long.
The AlCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The AlCO RS-3 was built by the Montreal Locomotive Works between May 1950 and August 1956. It has 12 cylinders and a four-stroke engine.
The AMC Matador, also known as the American Motors Matador, is a station wagon that is made in Mexico City. It has an AMC V8 engine.
The AMC Matador, also known as the VAM Classic, is a mid-size car that is made in Kenosha, Wisconsin. It has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size car that is made in Marysville, Ohio. It has a front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive and an engine called the Honda K.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle that is made at the Marysville Auto Plant. It has a V6 engine and a front-engine design.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker is in service and was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. It has a Beam of 21.2.
Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built in Helsinki, Finland, where the leader is Juha Sipila and the people are known as Finns.
The Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker is in service and was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. It has a ship Beam of 21.2.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Italy and has aStraight-four engine. It is a type of transportation that is similar to the Saab 9000 and is found in Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Italy and has a V6 engine. It is a variant of the Saab 9000 and the Fiat Croma.
Alhambra has a length of 63800.0 millimetres and a beam of 8.3 m. It was launched on May 31st, 1855 and is now in the state of wreck.
The Alvis Speed 25 is made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry. The company is the successor to the Rover Company and has an engine of petrol.
The Alvis Speed 25 is made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry. The company is the successor to the Rover Company and has a Straight-six engine.
The AMC Matador was created by American Motors, whose key person is Roy D. Chapin Jr. The Eagle automobile was followed by the Chrysler automobile.
The American submarine NR-1 was designed by General Dynamics Electric Boat and was launched on January 25th, 1969. It has a beam of 3.8 m and a top speed of 8.334.
The American submarine NR-1, which has a length of 45000.0 millimetres and a beam of 3.8 m, was launched on January 25th, 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which was first flown on April 21, 2013 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The rocket's final flight was on October 28, 2014.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which was first flown on April 21st, 2013 at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The final flight was on September 18th, 2013.
London is the capital of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is from. The V8 was followed by the Aston Martin Virage which was made by the company Aston Martin.
Aston Martin V8 is made in the United Kingdom and has an engine of 5.3 litres. It is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin DBS is a type of transportation for the Aston Martin V8 which has an engine of 5.3 litres. The V8 is the sequel to the Aston Martin Virage which was made by Aston Martin.
Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It's final flight was on 2005-12-05.
The Audi A1 is a Supermini with a 1.2 litres engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. It is made in Audi Brussels.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is the manufacturer of the Audi A1. It is also the division of the Audi e-tron and has a subsidiary called Ducati.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and is located in Illinois. It was founded in California and is powered by Caterpillar, Inc.
AIDAstella is owned by Costa Crociere and operated by AIDA Cruises. It was designed by Meyer Werft and is located in Genoa.
The Antares rocket, which originates from the United States, can be found at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 and the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. It is similar to the Delta II.
The United States is the origin of the Antares rocket which is similar to the Delta II which is also from the United States. The Antares is located at the Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Italy and has the body style of a Sedan automobile. It is a variant of the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Milan and has the body style of a Sedan automobile. It is a variant of the Fiat Croma and the Opel Vectra.
General Dynamics, the parent company of General Dynamics Electric Boat, is the builder of the American submarine NR-1 which has a beam of 3.8 m and is located in Groton, Connecticut.
A-Rosa Luna was designed by the company Neptun Werft which is located in the city of Rostock, Germany. The leader of the country is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II originates from the United States where English is spoken and the capital city is Washington D.C. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Atlas II originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is Washington D.C.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Kids Imagine Nation and the Suburban Legends. The latter band is in the genre of Ska punk and has Brian Robertson as a member.
Aaron Deer was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. He is a solo singer who is part of the Psychedelia genre.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Sumac band and the Isis band. He is also a member of the Electroacoustic music genre and uses the voice as an instrument.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and the Old Man Gloom band. He is a member of the post-metal genre and his active years start in 1995.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Sumac band and plays the electric guitar. He is also a member of the Black metal genre which is part of the death metal genre.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982. He is a songwriter and a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He is a songwriter and a solo singer.
Ahmet Ertegun is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre and was born in Washington D.C. in the United States. He is a non performing personnel.
Ahmet Ertegun is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. He is a member of the rock and roll genre, which is a genre of blues.
Albennie Jones was active in 1950 and is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre, which is a variation of Disco.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. He is in the genre of jazz, which is a genre of blues.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in Belgrade in 1972. She is a singer in the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and a member of the Rhythm and blues genre.
Alex Day is a member of the Chameleon Circuit band, which is in the genre of acoustic music. Charlie McDonnell is also a member of the Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day's active years start in 2006.
Alex Day is a member of the Chameleon Circuit band, which is in the genre of electronic music. Charlie McDonnell is also a member of the Chameleon Circuit band. Alex Day's active years start in 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872. He died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where the people are known as Uruguayans and the leader is Daniel Martinez.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a member of the Candombe genre. He is a solo singer and is on the RCA Records label.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the Bajik band and the Flibbertigibbet band. She is in the genre of Folk music and was active in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the Mellow Candle band and the Head South By Weaving band. She is in the genre of Folk music and was active in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the jazz genre and is on the Deram Records and Floating World Records labels. Deram Records is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the jazz genre and is on the Deram Records and Fruit de Mer Records labels. Deram Records is located in London.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell in 1981. He is a singer and a member of the acoustic music genre.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY in 1981. He was born in Dothan, AL. He is a member of the genre of Hip hop and is a solo singer.
Andrew White is a member of the alternative rock genre, which is part of the genre of nu metal. He is also a member of the band Marry Banilow.
Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit are both associated with Anders Osborne, who is a member of the band Galactic and is in the genre of rock.
Alligator Records and Shanachie Records are both located in Chicago and are in the genre of Blues. Anders Osborne is a member of both labels.
Andra is a Romanian singer who is in the genre of Dance-pop. She is a solo singer.
Andra is a member of the genre of Rhythm and blues, which is a genre of funk and blues.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Trance music genre. He started playing in 2009 and is also associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel and Jwaydan Moyine are both associated with the band Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel is a member of the genre of Trance, which is the origin of House music.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs and the Marry Banilow band. He is also a member of the alternative rock genre and started playing in 2003.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs and the Marry Banilow band. He is also a member of the Universal Records defunct record label. He started playing in 2003.
Agustin Barboza died in Asuncion, part of Gran Asuncion, Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and The Wildweeds. He plays the Banjo and is a member of the country music genre.
Allen Forrest is a member of the genre of Hip hop, which is a genre of funk and disco. Drum and bass is also a genre of Hip hop.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, Greater Manchester, England. The Labour Party is the leader of the UK.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and the House of Low Culture. He is also a member of the post-metal genre and uses the Cello as an instrument.
Aaron Turner, who plays the electric guitar, is a member of the Twilight band. The Twilight band is in the genre of Black metal, which is part of the genre of Death metal.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. He is a member of the Rhythm and blues genre, which is a genre of blues.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the American Civil War. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He fought in the Battle of the Wilderness and was awarded the Purple Heart.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University, Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs. He worked for the Ministry of Health Welfare and Sport in the Netherlands.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born iniri, Malaysia and lives in Kuching. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and is from the Asajaya region.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and lives in Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and is from the region of Asajaya.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo. He lives in Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party. His successor was Adenan Satem.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and lives in Sarawak. He was born in the Japanese occupation of British Borneo and is the successor to Adenan Satem.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a member of the Nigerian Army and is the Vice President. His predecessor was Oladipo Diya and his successor is Atiku Abubakar.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a member of the Nigerian Air Force and is the Vice President. He was preceded by Al-Amin Daggash and preceded by Mike Akhigbe.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He served as Prime Minister under Felipe Gonzalez and as Monarch under Juan Carlos I of Spain, who was preceded by Francisco Franco.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and served as the Minister of Transport.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut, United States. His wife is Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge in 2005. He fought in the Gulf War.
Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish-Soviet War where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish-Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War and was commanded by Joseph Stalin. He died in New York City.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He served as the Vice-President of New Democracy and was the successor ofakis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He worked as an employee of the Ministry of Economy Development and Tourism, Greece. His successor wasakis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He served as a member of the Hellenic Parliament and is the successor ofakis Voridis.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte. She is a member of the Socialist Party and worked for the House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands). The party's leader is Emile Roemer and its colour is red.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. He was in the Battle of France in 1953 and retired on 30th March, 1979.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London. He played in the Battle of France and began his career on March 4th, 1974. He retired on March 30th, 1979.
Airey Neave was a member of the Royal Artillery which is based in Hohne and fought in World War II under the command of Chiang Kai-shek.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland, Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland on March 4th, 1901 and died on March 4th, 1905. His successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York where the French language is spoken. He fought in the American Civil War which was commanded by Abraham Lincoln.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and fought in the American Civil War where the commander was Jefferson Davis. He died in Dona Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and died in New Mexico Territory.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta. He was a member of the Justicialist Party and was in office while President Juan Peron was in office.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and as a Rear admiral. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as the governor of North Carolina. He was followed by Daniel Gould Fowle.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He also served as a member of the United States Army and fought in the Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was a member of the Democratic Party and his successor was Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. He was followed by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as the governor of Texas. He was followed by Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as the governor of Texas. He was followed by Wilfred R Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont and is from the region of the 3rd congressional district in the state of Vermont. The largest city in the state is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party of the United States, whose leader is Daniel Webster. He is from the region of Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which was part of the American Civil War and was commanded by Robert E. Lee. He was awarded the Purple Heart.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina where the language is Spanish and the leader is Juan Peron who is a member of the Labour Party.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina. He served as the President of Argentina under Juan Peron who is a member of the Labour Party. He was followed by Isaac Rojas.
Costa Crociere is the parent company of Carnival Corporation & plc and is the owner of AIDAstella which was designed by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises in Germany.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and was designed by Meyer Werft. It has a beam of 32.2 metres and a length of 253260.0. It has a top speed of 38.892.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the AlCO RS-3 which has 12 cylinders and a length of 17068.8 millimetres. It was built between May 1950 and August 1956 and has a four-stroke engine.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has a length of 17068.8 millimetres, a V12 engine and 12 cylinders. It was built between May 1950 and August 1956.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the national anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner.
The AMC Matador, also known as the American Motors Matador, is a mid-size car that is made in Thames, New Zealand. It has the body style of a station wagon and has an AMC V8 engine.
Alhambra is owned by the P&O company which is located in London. It was built by the Samuda Brothers and has a beam of 8.3 m. Its power type is Humphrys Tennant and Dykes.
The AMC Matador was created by American Motors, a subsidiary of Chrysler. The company's key person is Roy D. Chapin Jr. The Eagle automobile was the predecessor of the AMC Matador.
The American submarine NR-1, which has a length of 45000.0 millimetres and a length of 3.8 m, was launched on January 25, 1969. It has a top speed of 8.334 and a draft of 4.6 m.
The United States is the origin of the Delta II and the Antares rocket. The Antares is a variant of the Delta II and is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. The Minotaur IV is also a member of the Antares family.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which has a diameter of 3.9 metres and is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It's maiden flight was on the 28th of October 2014 and it's final flight was on the 13th of July 2014.
The Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of the Antares rocket which has a diameter of 3.9 metres and is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0. It's maiden flight was on 2014-10-28 and its final flight was on 2013-09-18.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of the Ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5.4 metres. It was first flown on 11 August 2005 at the Guiana Space Centre and its final flight was on 18 November 2009.
The Guiana Space Centre, located in French Guiana, is the location of ENA-3 and the launch site of Ariane 5. ENA-3 is operated by Arianespace which has its headquarters in Courcouronnes.
Aston Martin V8 is made by Aston Martin and is found in Newport Pagnell. It has an engine of 5.3 litres and is a type of transportation for the Aston Martin DBS which is the successor to the Aston Martin Vantage.
Aston Martin V8 has a 5.3 litres engine and a body style of coupe. It is made in Newport Pagnell and is a variant of the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where the Aston Martin V8 is from. The V8 is the successor to the Aston Martin Virage which was made by the company Aston Martin. The V8 is a type of transportation and is also known as the Aston Martin DBS.
The Audi A1 is a Supermini with a 1.2 litres engine and a Hatchback body style. It is made in Brussels, Belgium and has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is a subsidiary of Ducati and Lamborghini. It is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 and also the division of the Audi e-tron.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and is located in Peoria, Illinois. It was founded in California, United States and its power type is Caterpillar, Inc.
AIDAluna was founded in the United States by Douglas R. Oberhelman and is owned by AIDA Cruises in Rostock. AIDA Cruises is a subsidiary of Caterpillar, Inc.
AIDAluna is owned by AIDA Cruises and was founded in Peoria, Illinois, United States. The company's key person is Douglas R. Oberhelman and its power type is Caterpillar, Inc.
AIDAstella is operated by AIDA Cruises and was designed by Meyer Werft. It is owned by Costa Crociere which is located in Genoa and is owned by Carnival Corporation & plc.
Aleksey Chirikov icebreaker was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The leader of the country is Juha Sipila and the people are known as Finns. The language spoken in the country is the Sami languages.
A-Rosa Luna was built by the company Neptun Werft in the city of Rostock, Germany. The capital of the country is Berlin and the leader is Joachim Gauck.
A-Rosa Luna was built by the company Neptun Werft in the city of Rostock, Germany. The capital of the country is Berlin and the leader is Andreas Vosskuhle.
Atlas II originates from the United States where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the inhabitants are known as Americans.
Abel Hernandez played for Penarol and U.S. Citta di Palermo. He now plays for Central Espanol in the Uruguayan Segunda Division. Jorge Orosman da Silva is the manager of Central Espanol.
Aleksandr Chumakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow and the Soviet Union national football team. He died in Russia where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko. The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv, whose manager is Oleh Luzhny. He also plays for Olympique Lyonnais, whose ground is Parc Olympique Lyonnais, and whose chairman is Jean-Michel Aulas.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for AC Milan and U.C. Sampdoria. He is a defender and plays in the Serie A league. His manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic.
Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italy national under-17 football team and plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He also plays for A.C. Milan, whose manager is Sinisa Mihajlovic and whose chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Abel Hernandez is a member of the Uruguay national football team and plays for the U.S. Citta di Palermo. He also plays for Central Espanol in the Uruguayan Segunda Division. His manager is Giuseppe Iachini.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow, whose ground is the Otkrytiye Arena and whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov. He also plays for FC Amkar Perm, whose manager is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow, whose chairman is Sergey Rodionov. He also plays for FC Terek Grozny, whose ground is in Grozny, and whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow. He now plays for FC Terek Grozny, whose ground is in Grozny and whose manager is Rashid Rakhimov.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and played for the Soviet Union national football team. He now plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who were in the Russian Premier League in the 2014-15 season and are managed by Valery Petrakov.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and Ferencvarosi TC. Ferencvarosi TC's ground is in Palo Seco and their chairman is Gabor Kubatov. Their manager is Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and Ferencvarosi TC. Ferencvarosi TC's manager is Thomas Doll and their ground is the Palo Seco Velodrome. Ferencvarosi TC's chairman is Gabor Kubatov.
19255 1994 VK8 is 5.6 kilograms, has anapoapsis of 6603633000.0, a periapsis of6155910000000.0 and an orbital period of 8788850000.0. It was found on December 31st, 2006.
101 Helena was found on the 15th of August, 1868 by James Craig Watson, an American who graduated from the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
101 Helena was found by James Craig Watson who was born in Canada. He graduated from the University of Michigan and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He died of peritonitis.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and died in Gottingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Gottingen and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Gottingen. He was the doctoral student of Halton Arp and Allan Sandage. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
1036 Ganymed was found by German national Walter Baade who was born in the German Empire. He graduated from the University of Gottingen and was a doctoral student of Allan Sandage.
103 Hera was found on the 7th of September, 1868 by James Craig Watson, an American who graduated from the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera has a periapsis of 371240000.0 kilometres and was found by Canadian James Craig Watson who graduated from the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
107 Camilla was found by B. Zellner on the 31st of December, 2006. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and a periapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.
107 Camilla was found by C. Woods on the 31st of December 2006 and has an orbital period of 2368.05 days. It has aapoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and a periapsis of479343000.0 kilometres.
107 Camilla was found by F. Vilas on the 31st of December, 2006 and has aapoapsis of 560937000.0 and a periapsis of479343000.0. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 days.
N. R. Pogson was born in Nottingham, England and died in Chennai. He is the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB. It is located at 373513000.0 kilometres and has anescape velocity of 0.0068 kilometre per second. It was born on November 26, 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1101 Clematis is located at 520906000.0 kilometres and has anescape velocity of 0.02 kilometre per second. It has a mass of 5.7 kilograms and has an orbital period of 183309000.0.
11264 Claudiomaccone is located at a temperature of 173.0 kelvins and has a periapsis of 296521000.0 kilometres and aapoapsis of 475426000.0 kilometres. It was found on November 26, 2005 and has an orbital period of 1513.722 days.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and lives in Kuching, Asajaya. He was born in Miri, Malaysia on 21st May 1936.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and lives at Demak Jaya Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak. He graduated from the University of Adelaide.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was in office from 1999-05-29. He was preceded by Oladipo Diya and his successor is Atiku Abubakar. The Vice President is Mike Akhigbe who is a member of the Nigerian Navy.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is a member of the Nigerian Army and was the Vice President of the country. He was in office from 1999-05-29 and was preceded by Olusegun Obasanjo.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was an American born in Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as the governor of Connecticut. He died in the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was an American who was born in Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party and served as the United States Secretary of Health Education and Welfare. He died in New York City.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York. His wife is Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards and worked as a member of Parliament for Gravesham. He began his career on 05/05/2005.
Adam Holloway was born inaversham, Kent, England. He graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a member of the Conservative Party and served as a member of the Grenadier Guards from 2005-05-05.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was preceded by the Prime Minister of Greece, Antonis Samaras and the Prime Minister of Greece, Konstantinos Mitsotakis. He was followed by the Prime Minister of Greece,akis Voridis.
Agnes Kant was born in the Netherlands where Mark Rutte is the leader. She worked for the House of Representatives and is now retired.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who lives in Doesburg. She worked for the House of Representatives in the Netherlands where Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib are leaders.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who lives in Doesburg. The leader of the Netherlands is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856 and died on the 3rd of July, 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. His wife was Agnes Ward White and his successor was William M. O. Dawson who was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland. He served as the governor of West Virginia and his wife was Agnes Ward White. He retired on March 4th, 1905. His successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and was a member of the Republican Party of the United States. He began his career on March 4th, 1901 and retired on March 4th, 1905. His successor was William M. O. Dawson.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires where the leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta. He was a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). He was in office while Juan Peron and Eva Peron were the leaders of the country.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on the 20th of May, 1891. He served as the Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and as a Rear admiral. His successor was Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the Tyrol state of Austria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Graz.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Imst, Tyrol state. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Graz.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois on March 3rd, 1857. He was from the region of the 3rd congressional district in the state of Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont and died in Sycamore, Illinois. He was a member of the 3rd congressional district in Vermont where the largest city is Burlington.
Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which was part of the American Civil War which was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. He fought in the Siege of Petersburg which was part of the American Civil War which was commanded by Jefferson Davis.
Juan Peron and Eva Peron are the spouses of Alberto Teisaire who is a member of the Labour Party in Argentina. The language spoken in the country is Spanish.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the bands Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends. He is also a member of the genre of Ska punk which is the origin of Punk rock. Brian Robertson is a member of the band and is a trombonist.
Aaron Deer is from Indiana, United States. He is a member of the Wee Giant band and is a member of the Indie rock genre. He is also a solo singer.
Aaron Turner, who is from the United States, is a member of theLotus Eaters band and the Black Metal genre. He is also a member of the band Old Man Gloom and was active in 1995.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight andLotus Eaters bands. He is also a member of the Sludge metal genre. He was born in Massachusetts and started playing in 1995.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on November 12th, 1978. He is a member of the Kaliber 44 band and the Magik rapper.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden on 23rd July 1982. He is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm on 23rd July 1982. He is a songwriter and a solo singer.
Ace Wilder is a member of the genre of Hip hop, which is part of the genre ofgangsta rap. Hip hop is a genre of funk, which is a genre of drum and bass.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden. He is a member of the genre of Hip hop, which is a variation of the genre of Funk.
Al Anderson (born in Windsor, Connecticut) is a member of the NRBQ band and The Wildweeds. The band is in the genre of rock and was started in 1966.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band and plays the guitar. The band is from the genre of rock, which is a genre of country music and is also a genre of Bhangra.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, Canada. He is a musician.
Aleksandra Kovac was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a singer in the genre of Pop, which is part of the genre of Disco.
Aleksandra Kovac is a member of the K2 Kovac sisters duo and the Kornelije Kovac band. She is also a member of the Rhythm and blues genre and is a solo singer. She was active in 1990.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, England in 1872. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. London is lead by Boris Johnson and the European Parliament.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is lead by the Labour Party. He died in Sidcup, London, which is lead by the European Parliament.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle bands. She is a member of the genre of Folk music of Ireland and was born in 1963. She is on the Floating World Records label.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the jazz genre, which is a genre of Funk. She is on the Deram Records and Stanyan Records labels. Deram Records is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the genre of jazz, which is a genre of Afrobeat. She uses theAutoharp as an instrument and is a member of the genre of folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is a member of the genre of jazz, which is a genre of Afrobeat. It is also a genre of funk and blues. She uses the voice, bodhran, percussion and autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, Alabama in 1981. He is a solo singer who plays acoustic music.
Anders Osborne is a member of the band Galactic and the band Voice of the Wetlands All-Stars. He is also a member of the band Billy Iuso and is in the genre of rock. He was active in 1989.
Anders Osborne is a member of the Galactic and Tab Benoit bands. He is also associated with Billy Iuso and is a member of the blues genre. He was active in 1989.
The Andra singer was born in Campia Turzii in 1986. She is a member of the dance-pop genre and is a Reality television judge.
Andra was born in Romania in 1986. She is a singer who is in the genre of Rhythm and blues.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the band Armin van Buuren, along with Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi. The band is in the genre of Trance, which is a genre of Pop music.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. He is a member of the Trance music genre. He started playing in 2009. He is also associated with Christian Burns and Armin van Buuren.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova. He is a member of the Trance music genre and was active in 2009. He is also associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Trance music genre and plays the string instrument. He is also associated with Jwaydan Moyine, John Digweed and Christian Burns.
Andrew White is a member of the Kaiser Chiefs and the Marry Banilow band. He is also a member of the B-Unique Records and Polydor Records labels. He started playing in 2003.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and is a member of the genre of Hip hop. Hip hop is a genre of funk and disco. Drum and bass are also genres of hip hop.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981. He is a member of the genre of Hip hop, which is a genre of funk and disco. Drum and bass are also genres of Hip hop.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, which is lead by the Labour Party. He died in Sidcup, London, which is lead by the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asuncion and died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish. The Mestizo are an ethnic group in Paraguay.
Andrew White is a member of the alternative rock genre, which is part of the genre of nu metal. He is on the B-Unique Records and Polydor Records labels.
Andrew White is a member of the alternative rock genre, which is part of the genre of nu metal. He is on the Polydor Records label, which is located in London. He is also on the Universal Records defunct record label.
Al Anderson is a member of the rock band Al Anderson NRBQ. He uses the guitar and is a member of the genre of rock. The genre of rock comes from the genres of country and blues, as well as the genre of bhangra.
Al Anderson NRBQ band is from the genre of rock, which is also known as blues and country. The Banjo is an instrument in the genre of rock, which is also known as Bhangra.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and the Old Man Gloom band. He plays the electric guitar and is a member of the Black metal genre, which is part of the death metal genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. Two of the leaders of the country are Raul Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martinez. Spanish is spoken in the country.