abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas .
18l / 36r is the runway name of adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport .
afonso pena international airport ' s icao location identifier is sbct .
afonso pena international airport serves the city of curitiba .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah .
al - taqaddum air base has a runway length of 3684 . 0 .
the runway name of alderney airport is 14 / 32 .
allama iqbal international airport has a runway length of 3360 . 12 .
the first runway at amsterdam airport schiphol has the number 18 .
the 5th runway at amsterdam airport schiphol is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol ' s runway name is 06 / 24 kaagbaan .
andrews county airport is 973 metres above sea level .
andrews county airport is owned by andrews county , texas .
andrews county airport has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
the 1st runway at angola international airport is made of asphalt .
antwerp international airport is 12 metres above sea level .
antwerp international airport is operated by the flemish government .
the runway length of appleton international airport is 2439 . 0 .
ardmore airport ( new zealand ) has a runway length of 518 . 0 .
utaa is the icao location identifier for ashgabat international airport .
11 / 29 is the runway name of ashgabat international airport .
atlantic city international airport is owned by the south jersey transportation authority .
the runway name of atlantic city international airport is 13 / 31 .
the dutch language is spoken in belgium .
curitiba is part of the south region , brazil .
danes are the inhabitants of denmark .
fallujah is located in iraq .
greenville , wisconsin is in the united states .
greenville , wisconsin is part of grand chute , wisconsin .
arabic is the language spoken in iraq .
madrid is located in spain .
maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan is part of the united states .
sardar ayaz sadiq is the leader of pakistan .
the port authority of new york and new jersey serves new jersey .
houston is the largest city in texas .
the united states air force fought in the 1986 united states bombing of libya .
the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii is a transport aircraft for the united states air force .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 .
carrol county , maryland is to the southeast of adams county , pennsylvania .
azerbaijan ' s leader is artur rasizade .
the prime minister of azerbaijan is the leader of azerbaijan .
the native name of the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is turk sehitleri aniti .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa .
250 delaware avenue has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago .
the architect of 320 south boston building was george winkler .
320 south boston building was started in 1910 .
ac hotel bella sky copenhagen has 814 rooms .
adare manor was designed by james pain and george richard pain .
adisham hall is located in haputale .
the akita museum of art is located in japan .
alan b . miller hall is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road .
asher and mary isabelle richardson house has the reference number 88002539 in the national register of historic places .
julia morgan was the architect of asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds have the architectural style of " arts and crafts movement and american craftsman bungalows " .
asilomar conference grounds were constructed in 1913 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city .
buffalo , new york is part of erie county , new york .
byron brown is the leader of buffalo , new york .
county limerick is part of munster .
criona ni dhalaigh is the leader of dublin .
mulatu teshome is the leader of ethiopia .
indian people are from india .
julia morgan is the architect of the los angeles herald examiner .
live nation entertainment is located in beverly hills , california .
manhattan is part of new york .
new york city is part of new netherland .
pacific grove is part of california .
white south africans are an ethnic group in south africa .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom .
1634 : the ram rebellion has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint .
1634 : the ram rebellion is in print .
aids ( journal ) is from the united kingdom .
a glastonbury romance has the oclc number 76798317 .
a glastonbury romance is available in hardcover .
a long long way is written in english .
a wizard of mars was written by diane duane .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg has the issn number 0025 - 5858 .
above the veil was written by garth nix .
above the veil is in print .
acta palaeontologica polonica has the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
the addiction journal has the lccn number 93645978 .
addiction ( journal ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction .
aenir is written in english .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english .
the american journal of mathematics comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
castle is written in english .
eric flint was born in burbank , california .
macmillan publishers is the parent company of farrar straus and giroux .
john cowper powys is the author of a glastonbury romance .
soho press is located in the united states .
the secret scripture was published by faber and faber .
asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
english is the language of the united states .
weymouth sands was preceded by a glastonbury romance .
rolando maran is the manager of ac chievo verona .
a . d . isidro metapan play in the salvadoran primera division .
the full name of a . f . c . blackpool is " association football club blackpool " .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is the mechanics .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members .
aek athens fc ' s ground is in athens .
aek athens f . c . played in the 2014 - 15 football league greece season .
azal arena is located in baku .
azal pfk play in the azerbaijan premier league .
az alkmaar played in the 2014 - 15 eredivisie season .
akron , ohio is in the united states .
akron is located in summit county , ohio .
the full name of akron summit assault is akron metro futbol club summit assault .
eberhard van der laan is the leader of amsterdam .
christian panucci plays for chelsea f . c .
christian panucci plays for inter milan .
frank de boer plays for fc barcelona .
gubbio is located in the region of umbria .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy .
jens hartel plays for fc sachsen leipzig .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for fc dallas .
luciano spalletti plays for udinese calcio .
massimo drago plays for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
michele marcolini plays for atalanta b . c .
michele marcolini plays for vicenza calcio .
peter stoger plays for 1 . fc koln .
rolando maran plays for fc bari 1908 .
the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
st . vincent - st . mary high school is located in the united states .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology .
mahe india is to the northwest of kerala .
mendrisio ' s neighbouring municipality is meride .
bucharest is the capital of romania .
the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is thomas pallesen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university has 16000 students .
alan bean is an american .
buzz aldrin was the backup pilot of apollo 8 .
buzz aldrin graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d .
buzz aldrin was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was selected by nasa in 1963 .
benitoite is a gemstone found in california .
elliot see died on february 28 , 1966 .
elliot see died in st . louis .
elliot see is deceased .
april o ' neil was created by kevin eastman .
bananaman was broadcast by the bbc .
ben urich ' s full name is benjamin urich .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway .
bo bibbowski is the full name of bibbo bibbowski .
bill oddie was born in lancashire .
jon valor is the alternative name for the black pirate .
john buscema won the eisner award .
karl kesel is an american .
marv wolfman won the kirby award .
peter laird is an american .
scott adsit was born in northbrook , illinois .
albany , georgia has an area code of 229 .
albany , oregon is part of the united states .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is known as the mayor .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico house of representatives .
the leader of albuquerque , new mexico is the new mexico senate .
amarillo , texas has a total area of 233 . 9 square kilometres .
amarillo is part of randall county , texas .
anderson is part of richland township , madison county , indiana .
angola , indiana is324 . 0 above sea level .
925 is the area code for antioch , california .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california .
arlington , texas has a population density of 1472 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre .
kasim reed is the leader of atlanta .
atlantic city , new jersey has a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey .
attica , indiana is166 . 0 above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama .
auburn , washington has an area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin , texas is part of texas .
the spanish language is spoken in california .
dunwoody is the largest city in dekalb county , georgia .
fulton county , georgia is in the united states .
anderson is the county seat of madison county , indiana .
michigan is in the united states .
detroit is the largest city in michigan .
orange county , california is in the united states .
portland is the largest city in oregon .
fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county , texas .
barack obama is the leader of the united states .
the united states house of representatives is located at the united states capitol .
pecorino romano is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
white rice is an ingredient in arros negre .
arros negre is from the catalonia region .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore .
tomato is an ingredient in blt .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong .
bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold .
bandeja paisa is part of colombian cuisine .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa .
bandeja paisa is from the paisa region .
barny cakes have a serving size of 30 . 0 g .
batagor is a variation of shumai .
batagor is a fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce .
shrimp is an ingredient in batchoy .
beef kway teow is a dish from indonesia .
the alternative name for bhajji is bhaji bajji .
taro is an ingredient in binignit .
a variation of bionico is cottage cheese .
bionico is a food found in the jalisco region .
chicken belongs to the class of bird .
the currency of india is the indian rupee .
sumitra mahajan is the leader of india .
indonesian is the language spoken in indonesia .
aristoteles sandoval is the leader of jalisco .
the banyumasan people are an ethnic group in java .
malaysian malay is an ethnic group in malaysia .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico .
spanish is one of the languages spoken in new york .
shumai is a food found in china .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
malays are an ethnic group in sumatra .
david cameron is the leader of the united kingdom .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
akron , ohio is in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany is part of oregon where the capital is salem .
albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the united states house of representatives .
amarillo , texas is part of texas in the united states .
anaheim is part of california and is lead by the united states house of representatives .
anaheim is part of orange county , california , united states .
anderson is part of adams township , madison county , indiana , united states .
antioch , california is 13 metres above sea level and has a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres .
arlington , texas is 184 metres above sea level and has a total area of 258 . 2 square kilometres .
arlington is part of texas in the united states .
atlanta is part of georgia in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states .
atlantic city , new jersey is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city , new jersey has a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44 . 125 square kilometres .
auburn is part of pierce county , washington , united states .
albany , oregon is part of the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
amarillo , texas is in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , alabama is in the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
akron , ohio is in the united states where english is spoken .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where the leader is known as the president .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from italy .
arem - arem is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader .
arrabbiata sauce is from italy where the language is italian .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where sergio mattarella is the leader .
chili pepper is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from italy .
arros negre is from the region of the valencian community in spain .
asam pedas is a dish from indonesia that contains fish cooked in a sour and hot sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia .
the blt and club sandwich are variations of the bacon sandwich .
the main ingredients of bacon explosion are bacon and sausage .
the bacon sandwich is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader .
meringue is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the united states .
fruit preserves are an ingredient in bakewell tart which is a variation of bakewell pudding .
vermicelli is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
celery is a member of the apiaceae family and is an ingredient in bakso .
chicharron is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which is part of colombian cuisine .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone is the leader .
peanut sauce is an ingredient in batagor which is a dish from indonesia .
batagor is a variation of siomay and contains peanut sauce .
palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji is a dish from india where the people are called indians .
bhajji comes from india where the leader is t . s . thakur .
binignit is a food found in the philippines where the igorot people are an ethnic group .
banana is one of the main ingredients of binignit which comes from the philippines .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana .
bionico is a food found in mexico where enrique pena nieto is the leader .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which comes from the guadalajara region .
bionico is a dessert , as is cake .
bakso is a food found in indonesia where the leader is joko widodo .
batagor is a variation of shumai which contains shiitake .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2777 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh .
al asad airbase in al anbar province , iraq has a runway length of 3090 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in iraq where arabic is spoken .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the class of monocotyledon .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport is located .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is 3800 metres long .
amsterdam airport schiphol is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level and its 1st runway is made of asphalt .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the largest city is houston .
angola international airport serves the city of luanda and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
the 3rd runway at ardmore airport ( new zealand ) is made of poaceae and has a length of 597 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in turkmenistan .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states .
the atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey . the runway name is 4 / 22 .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
afonso pena international airport is operated by infraero which is located in brasilia .
1 fc magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014 - 15 regionalliga season .
a . c . chievo verona has 39371 members and their ground is in verona , italy .
rolando maran was born in italy and manages ac chievo verona .
jorge humberto rodriguez is the manager of a . d . isidro metapan and plays for fc dallas .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014 - 15 a epsth greece season .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who plays for blackburn rovers fc .
a . f . c . blackpool are managed by stuart parker who plays for irlam town fc .
a . f . c . fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in lancashire .
a . s . gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in gubbio .
a . s . livorno calcio ' s ground is in livorno and they play in serie b .
a . s . livorno calcio are managed by christian panucci who plays for a . s . roma .
paulo sousa is the manager of acf fiorentina and plays for juventus fc .
acf fiorentina has 47290 members and their full name is acf fiorentina s . p . a .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is in greece .
aek athens f . c . play in the superleague greece and their ground is the olympic stadium in athens .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is owned by jong ajax .
azal pfk ' s ground is the azal arena in shuvalan , baku , azerbaijan .
akron summit assault played in the 2011 pdl season and have 3000 members .
a . s . gubbio 1910 ' s ground is in gubbio , in the region of umbria .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader .
luciano spalletti is the manager of as roma and plays for empoli f . c .
eric flint is the author of 1634 : the bavarian crisis which was preceded by the grantville gazettes .
virginia demarce is the author of 1634 : the ram rebellion which is available as an e - book .
aip advances ( abbreviated to aip adv . ) has an eissn number of 2158 .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in print .
a fortress of grey ice has672 pages and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys and was followed by weymouth sands .
a long long way was published in print and paperback and has the oclc number 57392246 .
a long long way is 292 pages long and has the isbn number 0 - 670 - 03380 - 4 .
penguin random house is the parent company of viking press which is the publisher of a long long way .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in print .
a severed wasp has the oclc number 8805735 and the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has the oclc number 8805735 .
a severed wasp is written in english which is spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp was published in print and has the isbn number 0 - 374 - 26131 - 8 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg is published by springer science + business media which was founded by julius springer .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is in the genre of fantasy literature and has the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians has the oclc number 78771100 and the isbn number 0 - 439 - 92550 - 9 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians was written by brandon sanderson and was followed by alcatraz versus the scrivener ' s bones .
the american journal of mathematics ( abbreviated to am . j . math . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics .
the american journal of mathematics is published by johns hopkins university press whose parent company is johns hopkins university .
1634 the ram rebellion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university , nicknamed uab , is located in the state of alba .
the acharya institute of technology is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
b . m . reddy is the president of the acharya institute of technology in bangalore .
the acharya institute of technology was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education in mumbai .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala where the leader is kochi .
april o ' neil was created by the united states national , peter laird .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc .
graeme garden starred in bananaman which was broadcast by stv .
tim brooke - taylor was born in derbyshire and starred in bananaman .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which starred alan tudyk .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which starred scott adsit .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by steven t . seagle .
ben urich ( full name benjamin urich ) was created by comic book writer roger mckenzie .
bibbo bibbowski was created by jerry ordway and marv wolfman .
bibbo bibbowski , full name bo bibbowski , was created by marv wolfman .
alan bean was born on march 15th , 1932 and is now retired .
alan shepard was a test pilot who is now deceased .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , essex county , new jersey .
william anders was born in british hong kong and was a crew member of apollo 8 .
william anders graduated from afit in 1962 with a m . s . and is now retired .
108 st georges terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988 .
200 public square has 45 floors and is located in the united states .
20 fenchurch street has 34 floors and a floor area of 62145 . 3 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago and has 60 floors .
the 320 south boston building was designed by the american architect george winkler .
3arena is located at east link bridge and was designed by hok sve .
the 3arena is located in dublin and was designed by the company populous .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in copenhagen .
george richard pain was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and has the tudor revival architectural style .
brazilians are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located .
the address of the akita museum of art is 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori and it has 3 floors .
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus , near cept university , opp . gujarat university , university road , gujarat , india .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province , sri lanka where austin fernando is the leader .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , united states .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , which is part of brooklyn .
adare manor is located in county limerick , munster .
3arena is located in dublin , republic of ireland .
alan bean is a us national who was born in wheeler , texas . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey in the united states where joe biden is a leader .
buzz aldrin is an american who graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . and was selected by nasa in 1963 .
elliot see is an american who was born in dallas . he graduated from the university of texas at austin .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and was selected by nasa in 1962 . he died in st . louis .
elliot see graduated from the university of texas at austin and died in st . louis where francis g slay is the leader .
elliot see died in st . louis , which is part of the kingdom of france on february 28 , 1966 .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire where the purple finch is a bird . he spent 13017 minutes in space .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint and is available in print . it has 448 pages .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . it was written in english which is spoken in great britain .
acm transactions on information systems is published by the association for computing machinery which has its headquarters in new york city and whose leader is alexander l . wolf .
aids ( journal ) is part of the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 0269 - 9370 .
aids ( journal ) is part of the academic discipline hiv / aids and has the issn number 1473 - 5571 .
the editor of aip advances is a . t . charlie johnson who lives in the united states . his alma mater is stanford university .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and has the oclc number 49805501 and the isbn number 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english and published by soho press in the united states .
a severed wasp originates from the united states and is written in english , the language spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp is available in hardcover and has 388 pages . it has the oclc number 8805735 .
abhandlungen aus dem mathematischen seminar der universitat hamburg ( abbreviated to abh . math . semin . univ . hambg . ) has the issn number 1865 - 8784 and the lccn number 32024459 .
aenir is written in english and was followed by above the veil which was written by australians .
aenir , written by garth nix , was followed by above the veil , written in english .
above the veil was written by garth nix and is available in hardcover . it has 248 pages .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) has the issn number 0567 - 7920 and the lccn number 60040714 .
the addiction journal ( abbreviated to addiction ) comes under the academic discipline of addiction and has the issn number 1360 - 0443 .
the addiction journal is published by wiley - blackwell whose parent company is john wiley & sons . it has the issn number 0965 - 2140 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of american universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir was written in english by garth nix and was followed by above the veil .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain and the united states .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages . the oclc number is 78771100 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a glastonbury romance was written by john cowper powys who was born in shirley , derbyshire and died in blaenau ffestiniog .
sara miller mccune is the founder of sage publications which is the publisher of administrative science quarterly which has the issn number 0001 - 8392 .
a severed wasp is from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars is written in english and originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
1634 the ram rebellion was written in the united states where the leader is known as the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
a fortress of grey ice is from the united states where the leader is known as the president and native americans are an ethnic group .
jens hartel is the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for 1 . fc lokomotive leipzig and sv germania schoneiche .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and played for a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
associazione calcio lumezzane spa ( abbreviated to a . c . lumezzane ) has 4150 members and play in the lega pro / a league .
jorge humberto rodriguez plays for alianza f . c . and the el salvador national football team . he is also the manager of a . d . isidro metapan .
a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and their ground is in efxeinoupoli . their chairman is antonis milionis .
association football club blackpool ( abbreviated to a . f . c . blackpool ) has 1500 members and their ground is in blackpool .
the manager of afc blackpool is stuart parker who played for chesterfield fc and runcorn f . c . halton .
dave challinor has been manager of afc fylde and plays for stockport county fc and colwyn bay fc .
the full name of a . s . livorno calcio is livorno calcio s . p . a . and their ground is in livorno , italy . they have 19238 members .
christian panucci is the manager of a . s . livorno calcio who play in serie b where carpi fc 1909 have been champions .
the manager of a . s . livorno calcio is christian panucci who has played for chelsea fc and real madrid c . f . c .
aek athens fc ' s ground is in greece and they play in the superleague of greece where olympiacos fc have been champions .
aek athens f . c . are managed by gus poyet who plays for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , part of the amsterdam - centrum . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is in amsterdam , part of amsterdam - noord . the leader of amsterdam is eberhard van der laan .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for jong ajax and istanbulspor a . s .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca .
luciano spalletti is the manager of a . s . roma and plays for udinese calcio and empoli f . c .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for s . s . chieti calcio and a . s . d . licata 1931 .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and a . s . d . s . s . nola 1925 .
massimo drago has been manager of a . c . cesena and plays for u . s . castrovillari calcio and s . s . chieti calcio .
103 colmore row , designed by birmingham born architect john madin , is located on colmore row .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , where frank g jackson is a leader .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , dupage county , illinois , where rahm emanuel is a leader .
george winkler was the architect of 320 south boston building which has 22 floors and is located in the united states .
hok sve was the architect of 3arena which was completed in december 2008 and is located at north wall quay .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in denmark .
marriott international is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which was designed by the architect 3xn and has 23 floors .
augustus pugin , born in bloomsbury , designed the palace of westminster and adare manor .
philip charles hardwick was the architect of adare manor which was completed in 1862 and is owned by j . p . mcmanus .
adisham hall is located in haputale and was completed in 1931 in the tudor and jacobean style .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka and was completed in 1931 in the tudor and jacobean style .
adisham hall is located in haputale , sri lanka where ranil wickremesinghe is the leader .
adisham hall is located in sri lanka where the capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte and the currency is the sri lankan rupee .
the mason school of business in the united states are the current tenants of alan b miller hall which was started on 30 march 2007 .
julia morgan was born in san francisco and designed many significant buildings including the riverside art museum and the asilomar conference grounds .
julia morgan , born in california , designed chinatown in san francisco and the asilomar conference grounds .
asilomar conference grounds is located on asilomar blvd . pacific grove , california and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and are located on avenue a , manhattan . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and are located in new york city . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which is lead by the conservative party .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham , which is lead by the liberal democrats .
addis ababa city hall is located in addis ababa , ethiopia where hailemariam desalegn is the leader .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat which is lead by anandiben patel .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which is located in bethesda , maryland and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county , georgia in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico has an area of 490 . 9 square kilometres and a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre . the leader of albuquerque is the new mexico senate .
alpharetta , georgia is part of fulton county , georgia in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta is part of georgia in the u . s . where asian americans are an ethnic group .
alpharetta , georgia is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group .
anaheim , california has an area total of 131 . 6 square kilometres and an area code of657 714 . the utc offset is - 7 .
anaheim is part of california where the leader is the california state senate which is located at the california state capitol .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of contra costa county is the united states house of representatives .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states , where the county seat is fort worth .
atlanta is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and one of the ethnic groups is asian americans .
atlanta has an area total of 347 . 1 square kilometres and a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre . the area code is 404 .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of atlantic county , new jersey in the united states where the largest city is new york city .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama , united states .
auburn is part of washington state in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
auburn is part of the state of washington in the united states . the capital of the state is olympia .
albany , georgia is part of dougherty county in the u . s . state of georgia where the capital is atlanta .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . anderson is the largest city in madison county .
atlantic city is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of new jersey is trenton .
arlington is part of texas where english is spoken and the largest city is houston .
attica , indiana is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
attica is part of fountain county , indiana in the united states where the capital is washington d . c .
akron , ohio is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , oregon is part of benton county in the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group .
albuquerque , new mexico is in the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
albany , georgia is located in the united states where english is spoken and african americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is located in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
aarhus airport is operated by aarhus lufthavn a / s and has a runway length of 2776 . 0 . the runway name is 10r / 28l .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in paracuellos de jarama , madrid , spain .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh and is operated by the indian air force . its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force and has a runway length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which uses the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle aircraft fighter . the usaf was involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which fought in the invasion of grenada and uses the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and has a runway length of 877 . 0 . the 1st runway is made of poaceae .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority which has its headquarters at jinnah international airport .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
alpena county regional airport is located at 210 metres above sea level in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773 . 0 .
andrews county airport in texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas where the capital is austin and the language spoken is english .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states , where the people are known as tejano .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium where the german language is spoken .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states .
atlantic city international airport is operated by the port authority of new york and new jersey which has its headquarters at the four world trade center in new jersey .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and has a runway length of 3048 . 0 .
anwar zaheer jamali is the leader of pakistan where allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid which is part of the community of madrid . the leader party of madrid is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , spain where the leader party is ahora madrid .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in san sebastian de los reyes , spain where the leader party is the people ' s party .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania , united states . adams county is southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in the municipality of gettysburg , adams county , pennsylvania . adams county is southeast of carroll county , maryland .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan where the leader is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital is ankara and the ataturk monument is located in izmir .
guanciale is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from the lazio region of italy .
arem - arem is a javanese dish made from compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings .
tomato belongs to the division of flowering plants and is a member of the solanaceae family . it is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce .
olive oil is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
tomato is an ingredient in arrabbiata sauce which comes from rome , italy .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce .
asam pedas is a food found in malaysia where the capital is kuala lumpur and the leader is arifin zakaria .
ayam penyet is a dish from malaysia and indonesia . malaysian chinese are an ethnic group in malaysia .
lettuce is an ingredient in a blt which is a variation of a bacon sandwich and a club sandwich .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and white americans are an ethnic group .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where john roberts is a leader and the capital is washington d . c .
bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is a variation of a blt and a club sandwich .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from france and new york .
baked alaska comes from france where manuel valls is the leader and the currency is the euro .
christmas pudding is an ingredient in baked alaska which comes from the new york region of the united states .
sponge cake is an ingredient in baked alaska which is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
bakewell pudding is a dessert from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs .
bakewell pudding is a dish from the derbyshire dales region . the main ingredients are ground almond , jam , butter and eggs . it is a variation of bakewell tart .
beef is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia .
avocado is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
hogao is an ingredient in bandeja paisa which comes from the paisa region of colombia .
barny cakes can be found in france where claude bartolone and manuel valls are leaders .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in singapore and indonesia . the leader of singapore is tony tan .
sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from singapore and indonesia .
oyster sauce is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from singapore and indonesia .
bhajji comes from india where the currency is the indian rupee and the leader is sumitra mahajan .
banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . a cookie is also a dessert .
taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert . cookie is also a dessert .
the main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana . sweet potato belongs to the order solanales .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from mexico .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico and contains raisins .
bionico is a food found in mexico where the leader is silvano aureoles conejo and the currency is the mexican peso .
amatriciana sauce can be found in italy where the capital is rome and the leader is pietro grasso .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot people are an ethnic group .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore where english is spoken and tony tan is the leader .
tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce . it is part of the solanaceae family and belongs to the order of solanales .
awh engineering college in kerala , india has 250 academic staff .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . it has 700 postgraduate students .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala which has mahe , india to its northwest . the leader of kerala is kochi .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the germans of romania are an ethnic group and the national anthem is desteapta - te romane !
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania where the leader is klaus iohannis and the ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 .
the comic character asterix was created by albert uderzo and french national rene goscinny .
tim brooke - taylor starred in bananaman which was broadcast by the bbc and last aired on 15 april 1986 .
baymax first appeared in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was distributed by walt disney studios motion pictures and stars scott adsit .
baymax is a character in the film big hero 6 which was produced by walt disney studios motion pictures and starred ryan potter .
the comic character blockbuster , also known as mark desmond , was created by gardner fox and carmine infantino .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by dan mishkin and gary cohn .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by ernie colon and gary cohn .
103 colmore row is located in birmingham and was completed in 1976 . it was started in 1973 and has 23 floors .
11 diagonal street is located in south africa , the capital of which is cape town . asian south africans are one of the ethnic groups in the country , along with coloured south africans .
200 public square is located in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states . cleveland ' s governing body is cleveland city council .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and cost 110 million dollars . it has 12 floors and a floor area of 30843 . 8 square metres .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , cook county , illinois , united states . the leader of chicago is rahm emanuel .
300 north lasalle is located in illinois and was completed in 2009 . it has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770 . 0 square metres .
3arena is located in dublin , leinster , republic of ireland and is owned by live nation entertainment .
marriott international is a tenant of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by the architect 3xn .
adare manor is located in adare , county limerick , munster . the county is governed by the limerick city and county council .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . one of the ethnic groups in japan is the filipinos .
the vietnamese people are an ethnic group in japan where the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , akita .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
alan b miller hall is located at 101 ukrop way , williamsburg , virginia and is owned by the college of william and mary . it was completed on 1 june 2009 .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . the leaders of india are narendra modi and sumitra mahajan .
asilomar conference grounds , constructed in 1913 , is located in pacific grove , california . it was added to the national register of historic places on 27 february 1987 with the reference number 87000823 .
asser levy public baths were constructed in 1904 and are located on avenue a , manhattan . they were added to the national register of historic places on 23rd april 1980 with the reference number 80002709 .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city which is part of manhattan and brooklyn . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , united states . gale brewer is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin , who was born in birmingham , which has the b postcode and is lead by andrew mitchell .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham ( postcode area b ) . birmingham is lead by the labour party .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india where sumitra mahajan and anandiben patel are leaders .
amdavad ni gufa is located in gujarat , india . two of the leaders of india are t s thakur and narendra modi .
the akita museum of art is located in akita prefecture , akita , japan . brazilians are an ethnic group in japan .
20 fenchurch street is located in the united kingdom where elizabeth ii is the leader and the capital city is london . the parliament of the united kingdom is the leader of the uk .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where english is spoken and joe biden is a leader . the leader of the united states is known as the president .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in pennsylvania , united states and was established in 2000 . it is categorised as a contributing property .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , is located in baku , azerbaijan . it is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku .
frederick , maryland is the nearest city to the monocacy national battlefield where the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument was established on 11 july 1907 .
ankara is the capital of turkey where ahmet davutoglu is the leader . the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument in izmir .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . it is located in turkey where the leader is known as the president .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the english language is spoken in the u . s . and native americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
albuquerque , new mexico has a population density of 1142 . 3 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 490 . 2 square kilometres . the area code of albuquerque is 505 575 .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states , where the county seat is atlanta .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . anaheim is part of california where the spanish language is spoken .
anderson , indiana is part of adams fall creek , lafayette , richland union . it has a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres . it is 268 . 0 metres above sea level .
angola is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana , united states . angola has a total area of 16 . 55 square kilometres .
antioch , california has an area code of925 and a total area of 75 . 324 square kilometres . it has a population of 102372 and a utc offset of - 7 .
atlantic city , new jersey has an area total of 44 . 125 square kilometres and a population density of 1421 . 2 inhabitants per square kilometre . it has an area code of609 and is lead by the mayor of atlantic city .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , which is part of king county , in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
auburn , washington is part of king county , washington in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
austin is part of hays county , texas , where the county seat is san marcos . the largest city in texas is houston .
the leader of anaheim , california is the california state assembly which is located at the california state capitol . anaheim is part of california where the chinese language is spoken .
alpharetta is part of fulton county , georgia , united states , where the county seat is atlanta .
anderson is part of lafayette township , madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis .
arlington is part of texas in the united states where english is spoken . the largest city in texas is houston .
albany , oregon is part of benton county in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and african americans are an ethnic group there .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city .
albuquerque , new mexico is located in the united states where barack obama is the president and african americans are an ethnic group .
john sanchez is the leader of the new mexico senate in albuquerque , new mexico , united states . asian americans are an ethnic group in albuquerque .
albany , oregon is part of benton county , oregon , united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and asian americans are an ethnic group there .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . albuquerque , new mexico is lead by the mayor of albuquerque .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the english language is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of indiana in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
angola , indiana is part of pleasant township , steuben county , indiana in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
jens hartel has been the manager of 1 fc magdeburg and plays for sv babelsberg 03 and 1 . fc union berlin . he also plays for fsv zwickau .
rolando maran was born in italy and plays for carrarese calcio and f . c . bari 1908 . he is the manager of ac chievo verona .
michele marcolini was born in italy and plays for torino f . c . and a . c . chievo verona . he is the manager of a . c . lumezzane .
antonis milionis is the chairman of a . e dimitra efxeinoupolis who have 1500 members . their ground is in efxeinoupoli and they play in the a epsth 2nd group league .
a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool which is lead by the conservative party . their manager is stuart parker who plays for stockport county fc .
gordon marsden is the leader of blackpool where a . f . c . blackpool ' s ground is located . the club ' s manager is stuart parker who played for stockport county fc .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is in warton , fylde , lancashire . they played in the 2014 season .
association football club fylde ( abbreviated to a . f . c . fylde ) has 3180 members and their ground is bryning lane . they played in the 2014 season .
paulo sousa has been the manager of acf fiorentina . he has played for juventus fc , maccabi tel aviv f . c . and inter milan .
aek athens f . c . has 69618 members and their ground is located in greece . they play in the superleague greece and played in the 2014 season .
afc ajax ( amateurs ) ' s ground is sportpark de toekomst which is operated by afc ajax and owned by afc ajax n . v . the tenant of sportpark de toekomst is jong ajax .
the full name of afc ajax ( amateurs ) is amsterdamsche football club ajax amateurs . they have 5000 members and played in the 2014 season . their nickname is joden godenzonen .
john van den brom is the manager of az alkmaar and plays for vitesse arnhem and afc ajax . he is also a member of the netherlands national football team .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense ' s ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas . they play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league where vila nova futebol clube have been champions .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in alagoas .
agremiacao sportiva arapiraquense play in the campeonato brasileiro serie c league in brazil . their ground is the estadio municipal coaracy da mata fonseca in arapiraca .
akron summit assault ' s ground is st . vincent - st . mary high school in akron , summit county , ohio , united states .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where pietro grasso and sergio mattarella are leaders . rome is the capital of italy .
peter stoger plays for sk vorwarts steyr , fc admira wacker modling and fk austria wien . he is the manager of 1 . fc koln .
abilene regional airport serves the city of abilene , texas and is 546 metres above sea level . the runway name is 17l / 35r and has a length of 2194 . 0 .
adirondack regional airport is 507 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2003 . 0 . it serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , new york .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas and is operated by enaire . the runway name is 18l / 36r and has a length of 3500 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it has the iata location identifier of agr and the icao location identifier of viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . it has a runway length of 3990 . 0 and the runway name is 08 / 26 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq and is operated by the united states air force . the runway name is 09r / 27l and it is 3990 . 0 in length .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada . the usaf uses the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft and the mcdonnell douglas f - 15 eagle as an aircraft fighter .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . the airport has a runway length of 2900 . 0 .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 09 / 27 ' buitenveldertbaan ' and is 2014 . 0 in length .
amsterdam airport schiphol serves the city of amsterdam and is - 3 . 3528 metres above sea level . the runway name is 18l / 36r ' aalsmeerbaan ' and it has a length of 2014 . 0 .
andrews county airport serves the city of andrews , texas and is 973 metres above sea level . it has a runway length of 929 . 0 .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the inhabitants are known as tejano .
andrews county airport is located in texas , united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo , luanda province , angola . it serves the city of luanda .
antwerp international airport is owned by the flemish region and operated by the flemish government . it is 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600 . 0 .
ashgabat international airport is operated by turkmenistan airlines which has its headquarters in ashgabat , turkmenistan and its hub airport at turkmenbashi international airport .
athens international airport is located in spata and serves the city of athens . it is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800 . 0 .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states and serves the city of atlantic city . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . it is owned by the south jersey transportation authority whose leader is stephen dilts .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of belgium is charles michel and the german language is spoken .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the leader of belgium is philippe of belgium and the french language is spoken .
adirondack regional airport serves the city of saranac lake which is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is fuad masum and the kurdish language is spoken .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leader of iraq is haider al - abadi and one of the languages spoken is kurdish .
allama iqbal international airport serves the city of lahore in punjab , pakistan . the leader of punjab is malik muhammad rafique rajwana .
the 1st runway at alderney airport is made from poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants . poaceae belongs to the order of commelinids and the class of monocotyledon .
rona fairhead is a key person at the bbc which is located at broadcasting house and broadcast bananaman . it also produces bbc radio .
jill shilling starred in bananaman which was created by steve bright and first aired on stv on 3 october 1983 .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by american duncan rouleau . ryan potter starred in the film .
the comic character bolt , also known as larry bolatinsky , was created by gary cohn and ernie colon , a puerto rican national .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by eric flint who was born in burbank , california . it was preceded by grantville gazette iii and demarce short stories in the the grantville gazettes .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written by eric flint , virginia demarce et al . and is available as an e - book . it has 512 pages and has the isbn number 1 - 4165 - 2060 - 0 .
wolters kluwer is the parent company of lippincott williams & wilkins who publish the aids journal in the united kingdom . the leader of the uk is elizabeth ii .
a fortress of grey ice was written by j . v . jones and is available in hardcover . it has the oclc number 51969173 and the isbn number 0 - 7653 - 0633 - 6 .
a loyal character dancer was written by qiu xiaolong and is available in hardcover . the oclc number is 49805501 and the isbn number is 1 - 56947 - 301 - 3 .
a loyal character dancer is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where english is spoken and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a wizard of mars , written by diane duane , is available in hardcover and has 560 pages . it has the isbn number 978 - 0 - 15 - 204770 - 2 .
acta mathematica hungarica ( abbreviated to acta math . hungar . ) comes under the academic discipline of mathematics and has the lccn number 83646315 and the issn number 0236 - 5294 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is in the academic discipline of paleobiology . it has the lccn number 60040714 and the issn number 0567 - 7920 .
acta palaeontologica polonica ( abbreviated to acta palaeontol . pol . ) is published by the polish academy of sciences . the issn number is 1732 - 2421 and the lccn number is 60040714 .
cornell university in new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . it is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
cornell university in ithaca , new york is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and is the publisher of administrative science quarterly .
aenir , written by garth nix , has 233 pages and is available in paperback with the isbn number 0 - 439 - 17684 - 0 .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
the american journal of mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by the johns hopkins university press in the united states . the johns hopkins university press is the parent company of johns hopkins university .
alcatraz versus the evil librarians is from the united states where asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader . the book is written in english which is the language spoken in great britain .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . the book is written in english .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where english is spoken and barack obama is the leader . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
alan bean is an american born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders was born in british hong kong where chris patten is a representative . he was a crew member of apollo 8 along with frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey and graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin ( born edwin eugene aldrin jr . ) was a crew member of apollo 11 operated by nasa . he has won 20 awards .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator .
elliot see was born in dallas and graduated from the university of texas at austin . he died in st . louis .
william anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 . the ganges is a river in india .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university in belgaum .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar .
the acharya institute of technology in mumbai was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education . it offers tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , alba county , romania . the capital of romania is bucharest .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in the city of aarhus , denmark where the leader is lars lokke rasmussen and the government type is magistrate .
the awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala has 250 academic staff . kochi is the leader of kerala .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its anthem is desteapta - te romane ! the germans of romania are an ethnic group in romania .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . the country ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is klaus iohannis .
amatriciana sauce is from the lazio region of italy . the main ingredients are tomatoes , guanciale , cheese and olive oil .
arrabbiata sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are pietro grasso and sergio mattarella .
the main ingredients of arros negre are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers . the dish comes from the catalonia region of spain .
arros negre is a dish from the catalonia region of spain . the main ingredients are white rice , cuttlefish or squid , cephalopod ink and cubanelle peppers .
arros negre is a traditional dish from the catalonia region of spain , where the parliament of catalonia is the leader . spaniards are one of the ethnic groups there .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia . the malaysian malay and batak are ethnic groups in sumatra .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia . the minangkabau people are an ethnic group in sumatra and the malays are also an ethnic group in sumatra .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is john roberts . asian americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
ketchup is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which comes from the united kingdom . it is a variation of the blt and the club sandwich .
the bacon sandwich is a dish from the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment often ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm , or bacon muffin .
baked alaska is a dessert from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . a cookie is also a dessert .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which can be found in the united states , paris , new york or hong kong .
meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding are the main ingredients of baked alaska which comes from hong kong , france , united states or china .
baked alaska is a dish from hong kong and the united states . the main ingredients are meringue , ice cream , sponge cake or christmas pudding .
bakewell pudding is from the derbyshire dales region of derbyshire . it is a variation of bakewell tart which contains fruit preserves .
the main ingredients of bakso are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots . the dish is popular nationwide in indonesia and is also popular in neighboring southeast asian countries .
bakso is a dish from indonesia . the main ingredients are ground beef , tapioca , noodle , rice vermicelli , beef broth , kailan , celery , salted vegetables and fried shallots .
the main ingredients of bandeja paisa are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , patacones , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , morcilla , avocado and lemon . the dish comes from the paisa region of colombia .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the paisa region of colombia . the main ingredients are red beans , pork belly , white rice , ground meat , chicharon , fried egg , plantain , patacones , chorizo , arepa , hogao sauce , black pudding , morcilla , avocado and lemon .
barny cakes can be found in france where the french language is spoken and the leaders are gerard larcher and francois hollande .
batagor is a dish from indonesia . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
batchoy is a dish from the region of la paz , iloilo city , philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
batchoy is a soup dish from the philippines . the main ingredients are noodles , pork organs , vegetables , chicken , shrimp and beef .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . standard chinese is spoken in singapore where halimah yacob is the leader .
beef kway teow is a dish from singapore and indonesia . the main ingredients are kway teow , beef tender loin , gula melaka , sliced , dried black beans , garlic , dark soy sauce , lengkuas , oyster sauce , soya sauce , chilli and sesame oil .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the karnataka region of india . it contains vegetables .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the karnataka region . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
sago and sweet potato are main ingredients in binignit . sweet potato belongs to the division of flowering plants and the order solanales .
binignit is a dish from the visayas region of the philippines . the main ingredients are coconut milk and sago .
granola is an ingredient in bionico which is a dessert from the jalisco region of mexico .
bionico is a dish from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
bionico is a dessert found in mexico where silvano aureoles conejo is the leader . cookie is also a dessert .
tapioca is an ingredient in bakso which is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is a leader .
ayam penyet is a dish from singapore and java where the baduy are an ethnic group . tony tan is a leader in singapore .
batchoy is a food found in the philippines where philippine spanish is spoken and the ilocano people and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where arabic is spoken and the igorot and zamboangans are ethnic groups .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . cookie is also a dessert .
binignit is a dessert found in the philippines where philippine english is spoken . sandesh is also a dessert .
1634 : the bavarian crisis was written by virginia demarce and eric flint . it was preceded by grantville gazette ii and followed by ring of fire ii which is written in english .
the administrative science quarterly is published by cornell university in ithaca , new york . cornell university is affiliated with the association of public and land grant universities and the association of american universities . its president is elizabeth garrett .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in the united states and also in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken . english is also spoken in great britain .
a loyal character dancer was published by soho press in the united states where asian americans are one of the ethnic groups . english is the language spoken in the united states and also in great britain .
a severed wasp originates from the united states where the capital city is washington d . c . and english is spoken . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states and english is also spoken in great britain .
the violet keystone is the sequel to above the veil , which was preceded by aenir , castle and into battle , which was written by australians .
a severed wasp is written in english , the language spoken in great britain . it originates from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group .
a severed wasp is from the united states where barack obama is the leader and asian americans are an ethnic group . english is the language spoken in the united states and also in great britain .
1634 : the ram rebellion was preceded by 1634 : the galileo affair . it comes from the united states where barack obama is the leader and the capital city is washington d . c . asian americans are an ethnic group there .
1634 : the ram rebellion was written in the united states where barack obama is the leader and african americans are an ethnic group . the capital of the united states is washington d . c .
a wizard of mars originates from the united states where the leader is known as the president and english is spoken . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states and english is also spoken in great britain .
albany , georgia is part of the u . s . state of georgia . the leader of the u . s . is known as the president and the people are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
alpharetta is located in fulton county , georgia , u . s . a . the largest city in fulton county is atlanta . native americans are an ethnic group in the u . s .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the language spoken is english .
amarillo is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
amarillo , texas is part of potter county , texas in the united states . the capital of texas is austin and the language spoken is english .
anderson , indiana is part of fall creek township , madison county , indiana , united states . anderson has a total area of 107 . 43 square kilometres and a population density of 523 . 9 inhabitants per square kilometre .
antioch is part of contra costa county , california which is part of the san francisco bay area . the leader of antioch is california ' s 11th state assembly district and the language spoken is english .
atlanta is part of dekalb county , georgia and has the area code 404 . it has a population density of 1299 . 0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 344 . 9 square kilometres .
attica , indiana is part of logan township , fountain county , indiana , united states . it has a population density of783 . 1 inhabitants per square kilometre and an area of 4 . 14 square kilometres . it is166 . 0 metres above sea level .
auburn is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and african americans are one of the ethnic groups there .
auburn , washington is part of pierce county , washington , united states . it has a population density of 914 . 8 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 77 . 41 square kilometres .
austin is part of williamson county , texas , where the largest city is round rock and the county seat is georgetown . the language spoken in texas is english .
austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos . austin is part of texas where the largest city is houston and english is spoken .
austin is part of hays county , texas which has the county seat of san marcos . austin is part of texas where the largest city is houston and spanish is spoken .
alexandria is part of madison county , indiana , united states . the capital of indiana is indianapolis and the language spoken there is english .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas which has the county seat of fort worth . the largest city in tarrant county is houston . the language spoken in texas is spanish .
arlington is part of tarrant county , texas , united states . fort worth is the largest city in tarrant county . austin is the capital of texas .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the largest city is new york city . white americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albany is part of linn county , oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the inhabitants are known as americans . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albany , oregon is part of oregon in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the inhabitants are known as americans . asian americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . african americans are an ethnic group in the united states where english is spoken and the people are known as americans .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama in the united states . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group there .
auburn , alabama is part of lee county , alabama which has the county seat of opelika . auburn is part of the united states where native americans are an ethnic group .
atlantic city , new jersey is part of new jersey in the united states . the largest city in new jersey is newark and the capital is trenton . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
albuquerque , new mexico is part of new mexico in the united states . the leader of the united states is known as the president and the language spoken is english . barack obama is the leader of the united states .
angola , indiana is part of steuben county , indiana in the united states . the english language is spoken in the united states where the people are known as americans and asian americans are one of the ethnic groups .
barack obama is the leader of the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and native americans are an ethnic group . akron , ohio is part of summit county , ohio .
albany , georgia is part of the united states where the leader is known as the president and the people are known as americans . african americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , gettysburg , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and falls under the category of contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county has cumberland county to its north and carrol county , maryland to its southeast . frederick county , maryland is southwest of adams county .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is prime minister artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , the capital of which is baku . the leader of azerbaijan is artur rasizade and the legislature is the national assembly .
the ataturk monument is located in izmir , turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . ahmet davutoglu is the president of turkey .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , kerala was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . kerala has mahe , india to its northwest .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 . its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , india is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university . its president is b . m . reddy and it has 700 postgraduate students .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its title is the monarchy of denmark .
awh engineering college in kuttikkattoor , india was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff . mumbai is the largest city in india .
awh engineering college is located in the state of kerala , india . kerala ' s leader is kochi and the country ' s largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the city of aarhus is governed by a magistrate and has mols to its northeast .
baymax , a character in big hero 6 , was created by american duncan rouleau and steven t . seagle . alan tudyk starred in the film .
a . c . lumezzane ' s ground is located in italy where pietro grasso is the leader . their manager is michele marcolini who plays for f . c . bari 1908 and vicenza calcio .
afc blackpool ' s ground is in blackpool which is lead by the labour party . their manager is stuart parker who played for chesterfield f . c . and stockport county fc .
sergio mattarella is the leader of italy where the italian language is spoken . a . s . gubbio 1910 play in the serie d league where the champions are s . s . robur siena .
aek athens fc ' s ground is the olympic stadium in marousi . their manager is gus poyet who played for real zaragoza and chelsea f . c .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy , where pietro grasso is the leader and italians live . the capital of italy is rome and the language spoken is italian .
the ground of a . s . gubbio 1910 is located in italy where the official language is italian and the capital city is rome . the leader of italy is sergio mattarella and the people are known as italians .
arem - arem is a dish found nationwide in indonesia , but more specific to java . the leader of indonesia is jusuf kalla and the currency is the indonesian rupiah . the indonesian language is spoken in indonesia .
asam pedas is a food found in the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian chinese and the malaysian malay .
asam pedas is a food found in the sumatra and malay peninsula region of malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian malay and the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a food found in sumatra and malaysia . malaysia ' s capital is kuala lumpur and its ethnic groups include the malaysian malay and the malaysian indian .
asam pedas is a dish from the malay peninsula region of malaysia . the leader of malaysia is abu zahar ujang and the ethnic groups are malaysian malay and malaysian indian .
bacon explosion is a dish from the kansas city metropolitan area in the united states . the main ingredients are bacon and sausage .
bacon explosion comes from the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the language is english . white americans are an ethnic group there and paul ryan is a leader .
the bacon sandwich is a popular dish in the united kingdom . the main ingredients are bread and bacon with a condiment often ketchup or brown sauce . it is also known as a bacon butty , bacon sarnie , rasher sandwich , bacon sanger , piece ' n bacon , bacon cob , bacon barm and bacon muffin . it is a variation of the blt .
baked alaska is a dish from france and hong kong . the leaders of france are manuel valls and gerard larcher and the language spoken is french .
bandeja paisa is a dish from the antioquia department region of colombia . it contains lemon which is a member of the rosids order and the rutaceae family .
francois hollande and gerard larcher are leaders in france , where the french language is spoken . barny cakes , made with sponge cake , are popular in the country .
batagor , siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . joko widodo is the leader of indonesia . peanut sauce is an ingredient in siomay .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where joko widodo is the leader . siomay and shumai are variations of the same dish . shiitake is an ingredient in siomay .
batagor is a dish from indonesia where jusuf kalla is the leader . it is a variation of siomay and shumai . shiitake is an ingredient in shumai .
bhajji , also known as bhaji or bajji , is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the main ingredients of bhajji are gram flour and vegetables .
bhajji originates from the karnataka region of india , where t . s . thakur and vajubhai vala are leaders . the people of india are known as indians .
bhajji is a dish from the karnataka region of india . the leaders of india are t . s . thakur and sumitra mahajan . the people of india are known as indians .
bionico is a dessert from the guadalajara region of mexico . the main ingredients are chopped fruits , sour cream , condensed milk , granola , shredded coconut and raisins .
enrique pena nieto is the leader of mexico where the spanish language is spoken . bionico is a dessert that can be served with honey .
silvano aureoles conejo is the leader of mexico where bionico is a dessert found in the jalisco region . honey can be added to bionico .
arros negre originates from the catalonia region of spain . the leader of catalonia is carles puigdemont and the leader of spain is felipe vi . spaniards are one of the ethnic groups of spain .
amatriciana sauce comes from italy where the capital is rome and the language is italian . matteo renzi and laura boldrini are leaders in italy .
amatriciana sauce is a traditional sauce from italy where the capital is rome and the leaders are sergio mattarella and laura boldrini .
pietro grasso and matteo renzi are leaders in italy where the capital city is rome and the language spoken is italian . amatriciana sauce is a traditional italian sauce .
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . the dish is made with fried chicken and can be found nationwide and also in malaysia and singapore .
ayam penyet is a dish from java where the javanese people are an ethnic group . it is also found in singapore where english is spoken and the leader is tony tan .
batchoy is a dish from the philippines where arabic and philippine spanish are spoken . zamboangans and chinese filipino are ethnic groups in the philippines .
ajoblanco is a food found in andalusia , spain . susana diaz is the leader of andalusia . the spanish language is spoken in spain and spaniards are an ethnic group there .
ajoblanco is from the andalusia region of spain , where susana diaz is a leader . felipe vi is the leader of spain , where the people are known as spaniards .
alan bean is an american test pilot who was born in wheeler , texas . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
william anders is an american who was born in british hong kong . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa and commanded by frank borman .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey on 20 january 1930 . he was a united states national who served as a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot . buzz aldrin is now retired .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot . buzz aldrin is now retired .
alan shepard was a crew member of apollo 14 operated by nasa . he died in california where dianne feinstein is a senator and benitoite is a gemstone .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aarhus airport is located in tirstrup , part of the central denmark region in denmark . the leader of denmark is margrethe ii and the faroese language is spoken .
adolfo suarez madrid - barajas airport is located in madrid , paracuellos de jarama , san sebastian de los reyes and alcobendas . it is operated by enaire and is 610 metres above sea level . the runway name is 14l / 32r and has a length of 4100 . 0 .
agra airport is located in india and is operated by the indian air force . it has a runway length of 1818 . 0 and is 167 . 94 metres above sea level . its icao location identifier is viag .
al asad airbase in iraq is operated by the united states air force . the icao location identifier is oraa and the runway name is 08 / 26 . the runway length is 3990 . 0 .
al asad airbase is located in al anbar province , iraq . it is operated by the united states air force and has the icao location identifier oraa . the runway name is 08 / 26 and has a length of 3992 . 88 .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force which was involved in the bombing of libya in 1986 . the usaf uses the lockheed ac - 130 as an attack aircraft , the boeing c - 17 globemaster iii as a transport aircraft and the general dynamics f - 16 fighting falcon as an aircraft fighter .
al asad airbase is operated by the united states air force who fought in the invasion of grenada and operation enduring freedom . the usaf uses the lockheed ac - 130 attack aircraft and the lockheed c - 130 hercules transport aircraft .
alderney airport serves the city of alderney and is 88 metres above sea level . the 1st runway is made of poaceae and has a length of 733 . 0 . the runway name is 08 / 26 .
allama iqbal international airport is located in pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 3310 . 0 . the runway name is 18l / 36r .
allama iqbal international airport is located in punjab , pakistan and is operated by the pakistan civil aviation authority . it serves the city of lahore and has a runway length of 2900 . 0 . the runway name is 18r / 36l .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
alpena county regional airport is located in maple ridge township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . it is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 . the runway name is 7 / 25 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744 . 0 . the runway name is 1 / 19 .
alpena county regional airport is located in wilson township , alpena county , michigan , united states and serves the city of alpena . the airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533 . 0 .
angola international airport is located in icolo e bengo and serves the city of luanda . it is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05l / 23r which is 3800 . 0 in length .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and nikos voutsis and the language spoken is greek .
athens international airport serves the city of athens in greece . the leaders of greece are alexis tsipras and prokopis pavlopoulos . the language spoken in greece is greek .
atlantic city international airport serves the city of atlantic city in egg harbor township , new jersey , united states . the leader of atlantic city is don guardian .
antwerp international airport serves the city of antwerp in belgium . the country ' s leaders are philippe of belgium and charles michel . the capital of the country is brussels .
atlantic city international airport is located in egg harbor township , atlantic county , new jersey , united states . its icao location identifier is kacy .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake , harrietstown , new york , united states .
adirondack regional airport serves the cities of lake placid and saranac lake . saranac lake is part of harrietstown , essex county , new york , united states .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of awadh and bundelkhand . the airport is operated by the indian air force which uses the hal light combat helicopter .
agra airport is located in uttar pradesh which is part of bundelkhand . the leader of uttar pradesh is ram naik and the airport is operated by the indian air force which uses the hal light combat helicopter .
al - taqaddum air base serves the city of fallujah in iraq . the leaders of iraq are haider al - abadi and fuad masum . arabic is spoken in the country .
200 public square was completed in 1985 in cleveland , cuyahoga county , ohio , united states .
250 delaware avenue is located in buffalo , new york and has 12 floors with a total area of 30843 . 8 square metres . the building was started in january 2014 and has the architectural style of postmodern architecture .
300 north lasalle is located in chicago , illinois , united states , where rahm emanuel is a leader . springfield is the capital of illinois .
marriott international , founded in washington d . c . , is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen , denmark . denmark ' s leader is margrethe ii and the faroese language is spoken .
bill marriott is a key person at marriott international which was founded in washington d . c . and is the tenant of ac hotel bella sky copenhagen in denmark . greenlandic is the language spoken in denmark .
lars lokke rasmussen is the leader of denmark where the greenlandic language is spoken . the country is the location of the ac hotel bella sky copenhagen which is owned by marriott international which was founded in washington dc .
augustus pugin was born in bloomsbury and designed the palace of westminster and adare manor in the republic of ireland . enda kenny is the leader of the republic of ireland .
the government of addis ababa are the current tenants of addis ababa city hall which was started in 1961 and completed in 1964 . it has a floor area of 140000 . 0 square metres and a height of 42 m .
the akita museum of art has 3 floors and is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan at 1 - 4 - 2 nakadori .
the akita museum of art is located in akita , akita prefecture , japan . the leader of japan is taro aso and one of the ethnic groups in japan is the chinese people .
the mason school of business are the current tenants of alan b miller hall in virginia , united states . the hall was designed by robert a m stern and is owned by the college of william and mary .
amdavad ni gufa is located in ahmedabad , gujarat , india . gujarat is lead by the gujarat legislative assembly and sumitra mahajan .
ampara hospital is located in ampara district , eastern province , sri lanka . the leader of the eastern province is austin fernando and the leader of sri lanka is ranil wickremesinghe .
ampara hospital is located in the eastern province of sri lanka where the governing body is the eastern provincial council . sri lanka ' s leader is ranil wickremesinghe and its capital is sri jayawardenepura kotte .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds , asilomar state beach , hearst castle and the los angeles herald examiner .
julia morgan , born in san francisco , designed the asilomar conference grounds , the riverside art museum , hearst castle and asilomar state beach .
asser levy public baths are located in new york city , manhattan , new netherland , united states . cyrus vance jr . is the leader of manhattan .
103 colmore row was designed by the architect john madin who was born in birmingham . the city ' s leader is john clancy and the governing body is birmingham city council . the postcode area of birmingham is b .
250 delaware avenue is located in the united states where the capital is washington d . c . and the leader is known as the president . john roberts and barack obama are leaders in the united states .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located at seminary ridge , adams county , pennsylvania , united states . it was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property .
the 11th mississippi infantry monument is located in adams county , pennsylvania and falls under the category of contributing property . adams county has franklin county to its west , cumberland county to its north and frederick county , maryland to its southwest .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner , is made of red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan , where the capital is baku and the leader is artur rasizade .
the baku turkish martyrs ' memorial , also known as turk sehitleri aniti , was designed by huseyin butuner and hilmi guner in red granite and white marble and is dedicated to the ottoman army soldiers killed in the battle of baku . it is located in azerbaijan where artur rasizade is the leader .
the 14th new jersey volunteer infantry monument is located in the monocacy national battlefield in frederick county , maryland , united states . it was established on 11 july 1907 and is categorised as a historic district .
alan bean is an american who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and spent 100305 minutes in space . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born in new hampshire and died in california . he was a crew member of apollo 14 which was operated by nasa . he was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal .
alan bean ( born alan lavern bean ) was a crew member of apollo 12 operated by nasa . alfred worden was the backup pilot and david scott was the commander . alan bean retired in june 1981 .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of nasa ' s apollo 11 along with backup pilot william anders .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was a backup pilot on apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
alan shepard was awarded the distinguished service medal by the united states navy , which is higher than the department of commerce gold medal . he died in california , where dianne feinstein is a senator and the gemstone benitoite and the fossil smilodon are found .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he graduated from afit in 1962 with an m . s . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 8 along with backup pilot buzz aldrin and frank borman . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders graduated from afit with an m . s . in 1962 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 which was operated by nasa . buzz aldrin was a backup pilot and frank borman was a crew member . anders is now retired .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , ticino , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , karnataka , india . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university and has 700 postgraduate students .
the acharya institute of technology is located in soldevanahalli , acharya dr . sarvapalli radhakrishnan road , hessarghatta main road , bangalore - 560090 , india . it was established in 2000 and its president is b . m . reddy . it is affiliated with the visvesvaraya technological university .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its religion is the church of denmark .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the awh engineering college in kerala , india was established in 2001 . kerala is lead by kochi and india ' s largest city is mumbai . the ganges is a river in india .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in romania , the capital of which is bucharest . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te romane ! and its patron saint is andrew the apostle . the country ' s leader is klaus iohannis and its ethnic group is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it has 737 academic staff and 16 , 000 students . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey where the capital city is ankara and the largest city is istanbul . the currency is the turkish lira and the country is the location of the bronze ataturk monument which was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 in izmir .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was designed by pietro canonica and inaugurated on 27 july 1932 . it is made of bronze and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the leader is known as the president of turkey . ahmet davutoglu is the leader of turkey .
the ataturk monument ( izmir ) was inaugurated on 27 july 1932 and is located in turkey . the capital of turkey is ankara and the currency is the turkish lira . the leader of turkey is known as the president and ahmet davutoglu is the leader .
the accademia di architettura di mendrisio is located in mendrisio , switzerland . it was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff . its dean is mario botta . the leader of switzerland is the federal chancellor .
the acharya institute of technology in bangalore , karnataka , india was established in 2000 . its president is b . m . reddy and its director is dr . g . p . prabhukumar . its motto is " nurturing excellence " .
the acharya institute of technology is located in the state of karnataka , which has telangana to its northeast and the arabian sea to its west . it was given the ' technical campus ' status by the all india council for technical education , which is located in mumbai . one of the sports offered at the institute is tennis , which is governed by the international tennis federation .
the 1 decembrie 1918 university is located in alba iulia , romania . romania ' s capital is bucharest and its leader is prime minister klaus iohannis . the country ' s anthem is desteapta - te romane ! and one of its ethnic groups is the germans of romania .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university in aarhus , denmark was established in 1928 . it is affiliated with the european university association and has 737 academic staff . its dean is thomas pallesen . denmark ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it is affiliated with the european university association which has its headquarters in brussels . the country ' s leader is lars lokke rasmussen and its government type is magistrate .
the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university is located in aarhus , denmark . it was established in 1928 and has 16000 students . its dean is thomas pallesen and it is affiliated with the european university association . its latin name is universitas aarhusiensis .
alan bean is an american who was born on march 15 , 1932 in wheeler , texas . he graduated from ut austin in 1955 with a b . s . he was a test pilot and a crew member of apollo 12 . he is now retired .
alan shepard was born on november 18th , 1923 in new hampshire . he graduated from nwc in 1957 with an m . a . he was a test pilot who was selected by nasa in 1959 . he died in california .
alan bean is an american who was born in wheeler , texas . he served as a test pilot and was a crew member of apollo 12 which was operated by nasa and commanded by david scott . alfred worden was a backup pilot on apollo 12 .
buzz aldrin ( also known as edwin e . aldrin jr . ) was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot . he was a crew member of apollo 11 .
buzz aldrin was born on january 20 , 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a fighter pilot and a crew member of apollo 11 . he spent 52 minutes in space .
buzz aldrin was born on 20 january 1930 in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit in 1963 with a sc . d . he was a crew member of apollo 11 and has won 20 awards . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey on january 20 , 1930 . he was selected by nasa in 1963 and served as a crew member on apollo 11 , which was operated by nasa . he is now retired .
buzz aldrin is an american who was born in glen ridge , new jersey . he graduated from mit with a sc . d . in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 11 which was operated by nasa . william anders was the backup pilot of apollo 11 . he is now retired .
american william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of apollo 8 . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
american william anders was born in british hong kong . he served as a crew member on nasa ' s apollo 8 along with backup pilot buzz aldrin and frank borman . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
william anders was born in british hong kong on october 17th , 1933 . he served as a fighter pilot and was selected by nasa in 1963 . he was a crew member of apollo 8 and spent 8820 minutes in space . he retired on september 1st , 1969 .
aaron s . daggett won the purple heart award .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of mine run .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands .
abdul rahman ya ' kub is the vice president of tuanku bujang tuanku othman .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti bumiputera sarawak .
sulaiman abdul rahman taib is the successor of abdul taib mahmud .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s active years ended on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state .
abner w . sibal retired on 3 january 1965 .
abner w . sibal died in alexandria , virginia .
adam holloway was born in kent .
adam holloway lives in gravesend .
adenan satem graduated from the university of adelaide .
adolf scharf was born in mikulov .
antonis samaras is the prime minister of greece where adonis georgiadis is the leader .
adonis georgiadis worked as the deputy minister for development competitiveness and shipping .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf .
agnes ward white was born in marietta , ohio .
airey neave ' s active years began on june 30th , 1953 .
airey neave was awarded the military cross .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london .
airey neave has the rank of lieutenant colonel .
airey neave began service in 1935 .
albert b . white is a member of the republican party in the united states .
albert b . white ' s wife is agnes ward white .
albert jennings fountain was a member of the union army .
alberto teisaire is an argentine national .
alberto teisaire is a rear admiral in the argentine navy .
alfons gorbach died in austria .
the active years of alfred moore scales began on march 4th , 1875 .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of chancellorsville .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut .
alfred n . phillips worked as the mayor of stamford , connecticut .
allan shivers began his active years on january 21st , 1947 .
allan shivers is a member of the united states army .
allan shivers was followed by price daniel .
alvah sabin ' s active years began on march 4th , 1853 .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party in the united states .
robert e . lee was the commander of the american civil war .
austrian german is the language spoken in austria .
the commander of the battle of antietam was robert e . lee .
the battle of cold harbor is part of the american civil war .
gabriela michetti is the leader of buenos aires .
colin powell was the commander of the gulf war .
dwight d . eisenhower was the predecessor of john f . kennedy .
josef klaus graduated from the university of vienna .
juan carlos i of spain is the predecessor of francisco franco .
juan peron is a member of the labour party argentina .
mark rutte is the leader of the netherlands .
the united states army fought in the spanish - american war .
william m . o . dawson was born in bloomington , maryland .
dodge coronet is the alternative name for the 1955 dodge .
the 1955 dodge has an engine of 230 cubic inches .
a - rosa luna was born on the 7th of april 2005 .
aida cruises is located in rostock .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises .
aidastella was born on march 16th , 2013 .
aidastella was completed on march 11th , 2013 .
aidastella ' s maiden voyage was on 17 march 2013 .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises .
alv x - 1 was launched at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
the american motors matador is the alternative name for the amc matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 was sold to the netherlands on 1 april 1948 .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe has a straight - four engine .
the honda k is the engine of the acura tlx .
the acura tlx is an awd vehicle .
the honda accord is a type of transportation for the acura tlx .
the 9 - speed zf 9hp automatic v6 is the transmission of the acura tlx .
alfa romeo 164 is in arese .
alfa romeo 164 is related to lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 has a 4 - speed automatic zf 4hp18qe .
alhambra was built by the samuda brothers .
alhambra has a ship beam of 8 . 3 m .
alhambra is in the state of being demolished .
alhambra has a top speed of 18 . 52 .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine .
alvis speed 25 was started in 1937 .
the american submarine nr - 1 has a draft of 4 . 6 m .
the antares rocket ' s final flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 .
the antares rocket is located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
gabriela michetti is the leader of argentina .
the guiana space centre is the launch site of ariane 5 .
ariane 5 ' s maiden flight was on 11th august 2005 .
the body style of the aston martin v8 is convertible .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin v8 .
aston martin is the manufacturer of the aston martin virage .
atlas ii ' s final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
the launch site of atlas ii is vandenberg air force base .
august horch is the founder of audi .
the assembly of the audi a1 is in audi brussels .
the audi a1 is a type of transportation , as is the seat ibiza .
caterpillar inc . is located in peoria , illinois .
costa crociere is located in genoa .
chrysler newport is a type of transportation for desoto custom .
alfa romeo 164 is a type of transportation for the fiat croma .
germans are the people of germany .
norbert lammert is the leader of germany .
stanislaw tillich is the leader of germany .
gruppo bertone was founded by giovanni bertone .
the headquarters of the guiana space centre are in kourou , french guiana .
honda is the manufacturer of the honda k engine .
the anthem of the united states is the star - spangled banner .
native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
a . c . milan ' s chairman is silvio berlusconi .
aaron boogaard was born in canada .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay olympic football team .
abel hernandez plays for the uruguay national football team .
abner was born in brazil .
adam maher was born in diemen .
adam maher was born in the netherlands .
adam maher plays for the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for the iraq national football team .
akeem adams was born in point fortin .
akeem dent played for the atlanta falcons .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies .
al - khor sports club play in the qatar stars league .
basim qasim is the manager of al - zawra ' a sc .
al kharaitiyat sc play in the qatar stars league .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in baghdad .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for sanat mes kerman f . c .
alan martin played for hamilton academical f . c .
alan martin played for the scotland national under - 19 football team .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . has a height of 1 . 905 .
aleksander barkov jr . plays in the national hockey league .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc amkar perm .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc samtredia .
aleksandre guruli plays for the georgia national under - 21 football team .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma .
alessio romagnoli played for a . s . roma .
alex plante was born in manitoba .
alex tyus plays in the turkish basketball super league .
atlanta falcons play in the city of atlanta .
the general manager of the boston bruins is don sweeney .
budapest is located in the country of hungary .
english is the language of canada .
the slavey language is spoken in canada .
columbus blue jackets are from the city of columbus , ohio .
oleh luzhny is the manager of fc karpaty lviv .
valery petrakov is the manager of fc torpedo moscow .
ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov .
finnish is the language spoken in finland .
daniele zoratto is the manager of the italy national under - 16 football team .
zvi sherf is the manager of maccabi ashdod b . c .
fir park is the ground of motherwell f . c .
olympique lyonnais is owned by jean - michel aulas .
st . louis rams play in the city of st . louis .
the tennessee titans are based in the city of nashville , tennessee .
aaron bertram ' s active years began in 1998 .
aaron deer is a member of the horns of happiness .
aaron deer is on the kill rock stars record label .
aaron turner is in the genre of avant - garde metal .
aaron turner is a member of the progressive metal genre .
abradab is a solo singer .
abradab was born on 12 november 1978 .
abradab was born in poland .
abradab is in the genre of hip hop .
agustin barboza is in the genre of guarania music .
ahmet ertegun was born in istanbul , turkey .
alan frew is in the genre of rock .
albennie jones is associated with sammy price .
aleksandra kovac is a solo singer .
aleksandra kovac was born in yugoslavia .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre ofsoul music .
alex day is in the genre of synthpop .
hector numa moraes is an associated musician with alfred zitarrosa .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa ' s record label is rca records .
alison o ' donnell ' s active years began in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz .
alison o ' donnell uses the voice bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
allen forrest was born on the 4th of february 1981 .
allen forrest is in the genre of pop music .
alligator records is located in chicago .
johnny sansone is an associated musician with anders osborne .
anders osborne is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
alligator records is the record label for anders osborne .
the andra singer is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel began his active years in 2009 .
andrew rayel is associated with the band christian burns .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova .
marry banilow is an associated musician with andrew white .
andrew white is on the b - unique records label .
asuncion is part of gran asuncion .
christian burns uses the guitar as an instrument .
hip hop is a genre ofgangsta rap .
funk is the origin of the genre of hip hop .
indie rock originates from new wave music .
manchester is part of greater manchester .
polydor records is located in london .
sony music entertainment is the distributor of rca records .
blues is the origin of rock and roll .
synthpop originates from the genre of pop music .
british people live in the united kingdom .
19255 1994 vk8 has a density of 2 . 0 gram percubiccentimetres .
29075 1950 da was found by carl a . wirtanen .
410777 2009 fd has anabsolute magnitude of 22 . 1 .
410777 2009 fd has anapoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres .
66063 1998 ro1 has anapoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
66063 1998 ro1 was found on 4 november 2013 .
1000 piazzia has anescape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometre per second .
1001 gaussia was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc .
1001 gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165 . 0 kelvins .
theapoapsis of 101 helena is 441092000 . 0 kilometres .
101 helena was written on the 31st of december 2006 .
101 helena has a mass of 3 . 0 kilograms .
1036 ganymed has an average speed of 16 . 86 kilometre per second .
103 hera has anabsolute magnitude of 7 . 66 .
103 hera has a mass of 7 . 9 kilograms .
107 camilla has anabsolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
107 camilla was found by a . storrs .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va , a904 vd .
the orbital period of 1089 tama is 1202 . 846 days .
1097 vicia has an average speed of 17 . 92 kilometre per second .
1097 vicia is anepoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 .
1097 vicia has a rotation period of 95040 . 0 .
109 felicitas was found by christian heinrich friedrich peters .
109 felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometre per second .
1101 clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 .
110 lydia was written on the 31st of december , 2006 .
11264 claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins .
james craig watson graduated from the university of michigan .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of fredericksburg and won the purple heart .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of gettysburg and was awarded the purple heart .
abdul taib mahmud is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub who has a deputy called stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in minna and graduated from the technical institute kaduna .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
abdulsalami abubakar , who was the chief of the defence staff in nigeria , was followed by al - amin daggash .
abdulsalami abubakar ' s successor was olusegun obasanjo and he retired on 1999 - 05 - 29 .
abdulsalami abubakar is the vice president who was preceded by olusegun obasanjo .
abner w . sibal fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army which fought in the korean war .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge .
adam holloway was born in kent and lives in gravesend .
adam koc fought in world war i and won the virtuti militari award .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece .
adonis georgiadis was born in greece and worked as the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
agnes kant was born in hessisch oldendorf and worked as a parliamentary group leader .
airey neave was a member of the royal artillery and was awarded the military cross .
airey neave fought in the battle of france in 1974 .
airey neave fought in the battle of france which was commanded by hugo sperrle .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge and fought in world war ii .
airey neave fought in world war ii where franklin d . roosevelt was the commander .
airey neave fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and died in 1941 .
albert b . white was a politician who was born on september 22nd , 1856 .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was the vice president of the united states and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and is a member of the republican party of the united states .
alberto teisaire was the provisional president of the argentine senate and his successor was isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in austria - hungary .
alfons gorbach was born in the tyrol state of austria .
alfred moore scales was a politician who served as the governor of north carolina . his successor was james w . reid .
alfred moore scales was followed by daniel gould fowle who graduated from princeton university .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the united states house of representatives .
alfred n . phillips was a member of the united states army which fought in the american civil war .
allan shivers fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas and served as a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur .
allan shivers was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur . his successor was ben ramsey .
alvah sabin was born on october 23rd , 1793 and served as the secretary of state of vermont .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
albert b . white died in parkersburg , west virginia , united states .
aaron boogaard was born in saskatchewan and plays for the wichita thunder .
abel hernandez plays for penarol , whose manager is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo and penarol .
adam maher plays for az alkmaar and the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
adam maher plays for psv eindhoven and the netherlands national under - 17 football team .
ahmad kadhim assad plays for steel azin f . c . and al shorta sc .
akeem adams plays for ferencvarosi tc whose manager is thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for the trinidad and tobago national football team and the t & tec sports club .
akeem ayers was a member of the new england patriots and was a draft pick of 39 .
akeem ayers was a member of the tennessee titans and was a draft pick of 39 .
akeem dent was born on 27 september 1987 .
akeem priestley plays for the connecticut huskies and the sheikh russel kc .
akeem priestley plays for rops and sheikh russel kc .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al khor sports club whose ground is in al khor .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc whose manager is amar osim .
alan martin played for hamilton academical f . c . and leeds united fc .
alan martin plays for hamilton academical f . c . whose ground is new douglas park .
aleksander barkov jr . was born on the 2nd of september 1995 and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland and plays for the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow whose manager is valery petrakov .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow and fc kuban krasnodar .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk in the russian football national league .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc dinamo batumi .
alex plante was born in manitoba in 1989 .
alex tyus was born on 1988 - 01 - 08 and plays for pallacanestro cantu .
alex tyus plays for maccabi tel aviv b . c . in the turkish basketball super league .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba , which is lead by the conservative party of canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the anthem is o canada .
adam mcquaid was born in canada where the language is english .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc dinamo batumi whose manager is levan khomeriki .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
akeem priestley plays for rops who play in the veikkausliiga league .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is the palo seco velodrome .
aaron deer , who plays the guitar , is in the genre of psychedelia .
aaron deer was born in indiana , united states .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band which is in the genre of electroacoustic music .
aaron turner , who is in the genre of avant - garde metal , uses the voice as an instrument .
abradab is the band of kaliber 44 and magik rapper .
abradab was born in katowice on 12 november 1978 .
abradab was born in katowice , poland .
ace wilder is a member of the genre of hip hop , which is a genre of disco .
ace wilder is a solo singer who is on the warner music group record label .
agustin barboza was born in paraguay and is on the philips records label .
alan frew is in the genre of rock and is also in the genre of bhangra .
alan frew is in the genre of rock , which is a genre of country music .
albennie jones is in the genre of jazz , which has the blues as its genre .
aleksandra kovac is a singer in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a genre of blues .
aleksandra kovac is in the genre ofsoul music and was active in 1990 .
alex day is a member of the genre of synthpop , which is a genre of new wave music .
alfred garth jones was born in england in 1872 .
alfredo zitarrosa is a singer in the genre of milonga .
alfredo zitarrosa is a singer in the genre of taquirari .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and died in montevideo .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in montevideo and died in uruguay .
alfredo zitarrosa is a member of the zamba artform and is a solo singer .
alison o ' donnell is associated with plastik mak and bajik .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of folk rock and is on the floating world records label .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz and uses the voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
allen forrest , who is a solo singer , is in the genre of hip hop .
andrew white is a member of the christian alternative rock genre .
tab benoit and anders osborne are both associated with the band phil lesh and friends .
rabadash records is the record label for anders osborne who is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
anders osborne is a member of the rhythm and blues genre and is on the shanachie records label .
the andra singer is in the genre of pop music and was active in 2000 .
andra is a singer in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a genre of blues .
andrew rayel is associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is associated with mark sixma and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is associated with jwaydan moyine and armin van buuren .
andrew white is a member of the alternative rock genre , which originates from new wave music .
al anderson nrbq band is in the genre of country music and uses the banjo as an instrument .
andrew white is on the polydor records label which is located in london .
19255 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometre per second and anapoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 kilometres .
410777 2009 fd has aapoapsis of 259776702 . 47055 kilometres and a minimum temperature of 211 . 0 kelvins .
410777 2009 fd was found by spacewatch and has a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 was found on the 4th of november , 2013 and has anescape velocity of 0 . 0999 kilometre per second .
66391 1999 kw4 was found on 14 july 2004 and has an orbital period of 16244700 . 0 .
66391 1999 kw4 was found on 14 july 2004 and is in the rotation period of 9953 . 28 .
101 helena was found by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
1036 ganymed has an average speed of 16 . 86 kilometre per second and anapoapsis of 611961000 . 0 kilometres .
1036 ganymed was found by walter baade who was born in the german empire .
1036 ganymed was found by german national walter baade .
103 hera was found by james craig watson who died of peritonitis .
103 hera was found by canadian james craig watson .
107 camilla was found by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb and was published on 26 november 2005 .
1089 tama has a temperature of 179 . 0 kelvins and anapoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
1097 vicia was found on 31st december 2006 and has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has aapoapsis of 523329000 . 0 kilometres and a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins .
109 felicitas was found on 31st december 2006 and has a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has a rotation period of 47487 . 6 and is in the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 .
10 hygiea has aapoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres and a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and is in theepoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 .
110 lydia is 6 . 7 kilograms and was published on the 31st of december 2006 .
110 lydia was found on the 31st of december 2006 and has an orbital period of 142603000 . 0 .
a - rosa luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres .
a - rosa luna was ordered on 22 january 2004 and has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises which is located in germany .
aidaluna is operated by aida cruises which is located in rostock .
aidaluna has a length of 252000 . 0 millimetres and a top speed of 40 . 744 .
aidastella was born on march 16th , 2013 and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
the alco rs - 3 has a diesel - electric transmission and was built by the montreal locomotive works .
alv x - 1 has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres .
the amc matador , which was made in 1974 , is located in kenosha , wisconsin .
richard a . teague is an employee of chrysler and designed the amc matador .
ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is located in argentina and has a length of 2000 . 0 millimetres .
alfa romeo 164 is made in milan and is a type of transportation , as is the saab 9000 .
fiat croma is a type of transportation for alfa romeo 164 which is in italy .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy and is related to lancia thema .
alvis speed 25 is made by the alvis car and engineering company in coventry .
the alvis speed 25 has an engine of 4387 . 0 cubiccentimetres . it has a single plate clutch , a separate 4 - speed gearbox , an all - silent and all - syncromesh centre change lever , an open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , a spiral bevel and a floating back axle .
the alvis speed 25 has a straight - six engine , a single plate clutch , a 4 - speed gearbox , an all - silent and all - syncromesh centre change lever , an open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints , a spiral bevel and a floating back axle .
american motors , the manufacturer of the eagle automobile , is also the manufacturer of the amc matador .
the antares rocket ' s maiden flight was on january 9th , 2014 at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport .
ara veinticinco de mayo v - 2 is located in argentina where the leader is gabriela michetti .
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which was launched at ela - 3 .
airbus defence and space is the parent company of airbus group and is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 .
aston martin v8 is made in the united kingdom and is a type of transportation . it is also known as the aston martin rham / 1 .
the aston martin v8 is the successor to the aston martin virage and is made by the company aston martin .
aston martin dbs is a type of transportation for the aston martin v8 which is the successor to the aston martin virage .
the aston martin v8 is the sequel to the aston martin virage which was made by aston martin .
atlas ii has a diameter of 3 . 04 m and its final flight was on 16 march 1998 .
lockheed martin is the manufacturer of atlas ii which was launched at the cape canaveral air force station .
the audi a1 is made by the division of audi e - tron .
ducati is a subsidiary of audi which is the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
quattro gmbh is a subsidiary of audi which is the manufacturer of the audi a1 .
aidaluna is made by caterpillar , whose key person is douglas r . oberhelman .
vandenberg air force base is the launch site of the antares rocket which is similar to the delta ii .
finland , led by juha sipila , is the builder of the aleksey chirikov icebreaker .
the american submarine nr - 1 was built by general dynamics electric boat , whose parent company is general dynamics .
a - rosa luna ' s power type is the mtu friedrichshafen which is owned by rolls - royce holdings .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is from .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the battle of fredericksburg . he was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and attended erasmus university , rotterdam . he is a member of the christian democratic appeal .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and is the successor of abdul rahman ya ' kub who has a deputy called stephen yong kuet tze .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party .
abdulsalami abubakar was born in niger state and graduated from the technical institute , kaduna . he worked as the chief of the defence staff in nigeria .
abdulsalami abubakar is a member of the nigerian air force . his successor is atiku abubakar and his predecessor was olusegun obasanjo .
abdulsalami abubakar is a member of the nigerian army and was the vice president under olusegun obasanjo .
abel caballero was born in ponteareas , galicia , spain . he worked as a member of the congress of deputies .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain and is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party .
abner w . sibal was a member of the united states army and fought in world war ii where the commander was joseph stalin .
abner w . sibal was born in ridgewood , queens and is a member of the republican party . he was a member of the connecticut senate from the 26th district .
adam holloway was a member of the grenadier guards and fought in the gulf war where the commander was george h . w . bush .
adam holloway was born inaversham and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he is a member of the conservative party uk .
adam koc was born in congress poland and fought in the polish - soviet war where the commander was leon trotsky .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war and was commanded by leon trotsky .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was the deputy parliamentary spokesman of the popular orthodox rally .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece and worked as the minister for health .
adonis georgiadis is a member of the new democracy party which has the colour blue and is led by antonis samaras .
agnes kant was born in the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader . she worked for the house of representatives and is now retired .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party netherlands .
agnes kant was born in west germany . she graduated from radboud university , nijmegen and worked as a member of the house of representatives .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , began his active years on 30th june 1953 and retired on 30th march 1979 .
airey neave , who fought in world war ii , began his active years on march 4th , 1974 and retired on march 30th , 1979 .
albert b . white was born on september 22nd , 1856 and died on july 3rd , 1941 .
albert b . white was born in marietta , ohio and his wife was agnes ward white . he was the father of william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born on staten island and died in the united states where african americans are an ethnic group .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and died in new mexico territory .
albert jennings fountain was born on staten island , new york and died in the united states .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the governing body is the buenos aires city legislature and the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he served as a rear admiral and was the successor of isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol , austria . he died in graz .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from the 4th district . he was followed by albert e . austin .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from the 4th district . he was followed by albert e . austin .
allan shivers was a member of the texas state senate from district 4 , port arthur . he was a member of the democratic party of the united states . his successor was wilfred r cousins jr .
alvah sabin , who died on march 3rd , 1857 , was from the region of vermont where the largest city is burlington .
alvah sabin was born on the 23rd of october , 1793 in the united states . he was a member of the whig party which is led by henry clay .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and is a member of the whig party which is led by daniel webster .
albert jennings fountain was born in the united states and fought in the american civil war where the commander was abraham lincoln .
alfred moore scales fought in the battle of fredericksburg which was part of the american civil war which was commanded by jefferson davis .
alfons gorbach was born in the county of tyrol and died in austria where the leader is doris bures .
alfons gorbach was born in the tyrol state and died in austria where the leader is doris bures .
doris bures is the leader of austria where alfred gorbach died .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of salem church which was part of the american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee .
ab klink was born in stellendam , netherlands where the currency is the euro .
adam koc is an ethnic group from poland where the polish language is spoken and the kashubians are an ethnic group .
19255 1994 vk8 has an escape velocity of 0 . 0925 kilometre per second and aapoapsis of 6603633000 . 6 kilograms .
410777 2009 fd was found by spacewatch and has an orbital period of 39447000 . 0 and a periapsis of 88234300000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 has a minimum temperature of - 71 . 0 degreecelsius and a maximum temperature of 500 . 0 kelvins . itsapoapsis is 254989570 . 60815 kilometres .
66391 1999 kw4 has an average speed of 37 . 16 kilometre per second and aapoapsis of 162164091 . 8388 kilometres . it has a density of 2 . 0 gram percubiccentimetres .
1000 piazzia has an orbital period of488160 . 0 and a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 . it is part of the epoch 2015 - 06 - 27 .
1001 gaussia was formerly known as 1923 oaa907 xc and was found on 27th june 2015 with a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres .
101 helena has aapoapsis of 441092000 . 0 kilograms and anescape velocity of 0 . 0348 kilometre per second .
1036 ganymed was found by german national walter baade who graduated from the university of gottingen .
103 hera was found on 27 august 2011 by james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera was found by james craig watson , who died in madison , wisconsin of peritonitis .
103 hera was born on august 27 , 2011 and has anapoapsis of437170000 . 0 kilometres and an orbital period of 1622 . 213 days .
103 hera has an escape velocity of 0 . 0482 kilometre per second and a temperature of 170 . 0 kelvins . itsapoapsis is437170000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was found by english national n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd and was part of the orbital period of 1202 . 846 days from 2005 - 11 - 26 .
1089 tama was found on the 26th of november 2005 and has a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 and aapoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres .
1097 vicia was formerly known as 1928 pc and was found on the 31st of december 2006 . it has a periapsis of 279142000000 . 0 .
109 felicitas has a mass of 7 . 5 kilograms and is part of the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 with an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
109 felicitas is located at 523329000 . 0 kilometres and has an orbital period of 139705000 . 0 . it was found on december 31st , 2006 .
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometre per second and an orbital period of 5 . 57 days . itsapoapsis is 523951582 . 33968 kilometres .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and anapoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . it has an average speed of 16 . 76 kilometre per second .
10 hygiea has a surface area of 837080 . 744 square kilometres and aapoapsis of 523951582 . 33968 kilometres . it has a temperature of 164 . 0 kelvins .
110 lydia is 6 . 7 kilograms and has a periapsis of377016000000 . 0 . it was found on the 31st of december 2006 .
110 lydia was found on the 31st of december 2006 and has a periapsis of 377016000000 . 0 and aapoapsis of 440756000 . 0 kilometres .
aaron bertram is a member of the band kids imagine nation and the band suburban legends which is in the genre of pop music .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and is part of the genre of indie rock .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states and is part of the psychedelia genre .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the greymachine . he is also a member of the black metal genre .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the greymachine . he is also a member of the drone music genre .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the mamiffer band . he is also a member of the ambient music genre .
aaron turner , who uses the electric guitar , is a member of the genre of black metal , which is part of the genre of death metal .
aaron turner is a member of the black metal genre , which is part of the genre of death metal . he is also a singer .
abradab was born on november 12th , 1978 . he is a member of the kaliber 44 band and the magik rapper .
abradab originates from katowice and is associated with the bands kaliber 44 and magik rapper .
ace wilder is a member of the genre of hip hop , which has the genres of funk and disco .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion , paraguay where the leader is juan afara .
al anderson , who is a member of the nrbq band , is a member of the rock band nrbq . he uses the voice as an instrument .
alan frew is a member of the genre of rock , which is a genre of country music and also includes the genre of bhangra .
albennie jones is a member of the genre of jazz , which is part of the genre of afrobeat .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi . he is in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a genre of disco .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the k2 kovac sisters duo and the bebi dol band . she is in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac and kornelije kovac are both associated with the band bebi dol which is in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the k2 kovac sisters duo and the rhythm and blues genre . kristina kovac is also a member of the k2 kovac sisters duo .
alex day is a member of the genre of synthpop , which is a genre of pop and disco .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england and died in sidcup .
alfred garth jones was born in england and died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , united kingdom . he died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is lead by the labour party . he died in sidcup .
boris johnson is the leader of london where alfred garth jones died in sidcup .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the band mellow candle and the band flibbertigibbet . she is part of the genre of folk music of ireland .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the mellow candle and the flibbertigibbet bands . she is in the genre of folk music .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz , which is a genre of funk . she uses the voice bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
alison o ' donnell is in the genre of jazz , which is a genre of funk . she is on the static caravan recordings label .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a singer in the genre of pop music .
allen forrest was born in dothan , alabama . he is a solo singer and a member of the rhythm and blues genre .
andrew white is a member of the alternative rock genre , which is part of the genre of new wave and part of the genre of nu metal .
billy iuso and tab benoit are associated with anders osborne as well as kirk joseph .
rabadash records is the record label for anders osborne who is a member of the rock genre and is also in the genre of bhangra .
puya and andra are both associated with the band crbl . andra is a member of the dance - pop genre .
marius moga and andreea balan are associated with andra who is a member of the rhythm and blues genre .
andra is a singer in the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a genre of disco .
andrew rayel is a member of the trance music genre . he is also associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel is a member of the band bobina and is a member of the band jonathan mendelsohn which is in the genre of trance .
andrew rayel and jwaydan moyine are both associated with the band christian burns who is in the genre of house music .
andrew white is a member of the kaiser chiefs and the marry banilow band . he is also a member of the universal records defunct record label .
aaron bertram is a member of the band suburban legends and is a member of the genre ofka punk , which originates from the country of ska .
albennie jones was born in errata , mississippi , united states , where african americans are an ethnic group .
the 1955 dodge , also known as the dodge coronet , has a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic transmission .
a - rosa luna is a cruise ship which was ordered on 22 january 2004 and has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres .
a - rosa luna has a length of 125800 . 0 millimetres , a displacement of 1850 . 0 tonnes and a top speed of 24 . 0 .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises which is located in germany .
aidastella , which has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres , was born on march 16 , 2013 and was in service on march 17 , 2013 .
the american locomotive company is the builder of the alco rs - 3 which has a four - stroke engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
the american locomotive company is the builder of the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
the american locomotive company , founded in schenectady , new york , is the builder of thealco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres .
alv x - 1 originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
alv x - 1 originates from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
alv x - 1 has 2 stages and a diameter of 1 . 524 metres . it has been launched 1 time .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe was produced in 1958 and has the body style of a coupe . it has a straight - four engine .
the abarth 1000 gt coupe is a two door coupe with a length of 2160 . 0 millimetres and a width of 1 . 55 .
the ilyksey chirikov icebreaker was built by the arctech helsinki shipyard in helsinki and has the ship beam of 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy where the capital is rome . the fiat croma is a type of transportation .
alfa romeo 164 is located in italy where the capital is rome and the main mean of transportation is lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is located in arese and is a member of the fiat croma and lancia thema groups .
alfa romeo 164 is made in milan and is related to the saab 9000 and the fiat croma .
alhambra has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a beam of 8 . 3 m . it was launched on 31st of may , 1855 .
alhambra , which has a beam of 8 . 3 m , was launched on the 31st of may , 1855 and is now in the state of wreck .
the alvis speed 25 is made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry and uses the engine of petrol .
roy d chapin jr . is a key person at american motors , the manufacturer of the eagle automobile and the amc matador .
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket which is similar to the delta ii which originates from the united states .
yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket which is amedium expendable launch system . it is located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 .
the guiana space centre is the location of ena - 3 which is the launch site of ariane 5 which was designed by arianespace .
newport pagnell , buckinghamshire , england , united kingdom is the location of the aston martin v8 which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres . the v8 is a type of transportation for the aston martin dbs .
the aston martin v8 , which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres , is made in the uk and is a type of transportation for the aston martin dbs .
atlas ii originates from the united states and was launched at vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station .
atlas ii originates from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group and the leader is known as the president .
atlas ii originates from the united states and is located at the cape canaveral air force station and the spaceport florida launch complex 36 .
the audi a1 , which has an engine of 1 . 2 litres , is made in audi brussels and has the body style of a hatchback .
the volkswagen polo and the audi a1 are both made by audi . the volkswagen polo and the audi a1 are both used by seat ibiza .
aidaluna is made by caterpillar , which was founded in california and is located in peoria , illinois .
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and is operated by caterpillar , which is located in illinois .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises and owned by costa crociere in genoa .
vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 is the location of the antares rocket , which originates from the united states and is similar to the delta ii .
the guiana space centre , which has its headquarters in french guiana , is the location of ena - 3 which is the launch site of ariane 5 .
the guiana space centre is located in kourou , french guiana and is the location of ena - 3 which is the launch site of ariane 5 .
a - rosa luna was designed by the company neptun werft which is located in the city of rostock , germany .
atlas ii originates from the united states where african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen and vfl wolfsburg . he also plays for goslarer sc 08 .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii and vfl wolfsburg , whose manager is dieter hecking .
abel hernandez played for central espanol and now plays for hull city a . f . c . and u . s . citta di palermo .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol and u . s . citta di palermo . he also plays for penarol .
adam maher was born in the netherlands and plays for az alkmaar and psv eindhoven .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and w connection f . c . his ground is in palo seco .
akeem ayers was a member of the los angeles rams . he was selected in the 2nd round of the 2011 nfl draft with the pick 39 .
akeem ayers was a member of the st . louis rams . he was selected in the 2nd round of the 2011 nfl draft with a pick of 39 .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 september 1987 . he played for the atlanta falcons .
alaa abdul - zahra was born in iraq and plays for shabab al - ordon club and the iraq national under - 20 football team .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground in al khor . he also plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin was born on january 1st , 1989 and played for clyde fc and hamilton academical fc .
alan martin played for motherwell f . c . and accrington stanley f . c . his ground is in accrington .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland on the 2nd of september 1995 . he plays for the florida panthers .
aleksander barkov jr . was born in tampere , finland on the 2nd of september 1995 . he was selected by the florida panthers .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and died in russia where vladimir putin is the leader .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc alania vladikavkaz .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc tom tomsk and the russia national football b team .
aleksandre guruli is in the azal pfk club and plays for olympique lyonnais whose ground is parc olympique lyonnais .
aleksandre guruli plays for olympique lyonnais who have their ground at parc olympique lyonnais . he also plays for us lesquin .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and the italy national under - 16 football team . his manager is sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . c . milan and u . c . sampdoria . his manager is sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli plays for a . s . roma and the italy national under - 16 football team which is managed by daniele zoratto .
alessio romagnoli was born in italy and plays for u . c . sampdoria and the italy national under - 17 football team .
alex plante was born in brandon , manitoba and plays for anyang halla . he has a height of 1 . 9304 .
alex plante was born in canada and plays for anyang halla . he has a height of 1 . 9304 .
alex tyus plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . and his manager is zvi sherf . he plays in the euroleague .
alex tyus is in the turkish basketball super league and plays for maccabi ashdod b . c . whose manager is zvi sherf .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc tom tomsk and fc spartak moscow , whose ground is the otkrytiye arena .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow ( whose ground is the otkrytiye arena ) and fc anzhi makhachkala .
fc torpedo moscow , managed by valery petrakov , played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season . their player is aleksandr chumakov .
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguay olympic football team and plays for hull city a . f . c . whose manager is steve bruce .
aleksandr chumakov was born in moscow , where the leader is sergey sobyanin . he died in russia .
abner plays for the brazil national under - 20 football team and real madrid castilla , whose manager is luis miguel ramis .
abner plays for real madrid castilla and c . d . fas . luis miguel ramis is the manager of real madrid castilla .
alex tyus was born in st . louis which is part of greater st . louis and is lead by francis g slay .
akeem ayers played for the new england patriots and the tennessee titans . the titans are based in nashville , tennessee .
akeem adams is a member of the trinidad and tobago national under - 20 football team and plays for united petrotrin f . c . whose ground is at palo seco .
aaron hunt plays for sv werder bremen ii who play in the 3 liga league . their manager is alexander nouri .
abel hernandez is a member of the penarol club and the youth club of central espanol . he also plays for hull city a . f . c . whose manager is steve bruce .
abel hernandez plays for central espanol and the u . s . citta di palermo . he also plays for penarol , whose manager is jorge orosman da silva .
abel hernandez plays for u . s . citta di palermo in serie a . he previously played for penarol . his manager is giuseppe iachini .
adam mcquaid was born on the 12th of october , 1986 in prince edward island . he is 94 . 8024 kilograms .
don sweeney is the general manager of the boston bruins . adam mcquaid played for the columbus blue jackets in the city of columbus , ohio .
akeem ayers was born on the 10th of july , 1989 and played for the st . louis rams and the tennessee titans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 september 1987 . he played for the houston texans .
akeem dent was born in atlanta , georgia on 27 september 1987 . he played for the atlanta falcons and the houston texans .
alaa abdul - zahra plays for al - zawra ' a sc and al kharaitiyat sc . al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is in al khor and their manager is amar osim .
amar osim is the manager of al kharaitiyat sc who have their ground in al khor . alaa abdul - zahra plays for the iraq national under - 23 football team .
al kharaitiyat sc ' s ground is in al khor and their manager is amar osim . alaa abdul - zahra plays for shabab al - ordon club .
alan martin was born on january 1st , 1989 and plays for hamilton academical f . c . and crewe alexandra f . c . he is 185 . 42 centimetres .
alan martin was born on january 1st , 1989 and plays for crewe alexandra f . c . and the scotland national under - 21 football team . he is 185 . 42 centimetres .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and is 185 . 0 centimetres . he plays for fc kuban krasnodar and fc dynamo moscow .
aleksandr prudnikov was born on 24 february 1989 and plays for fc spartak moscow and fc rubin kazan . he is 185 . 0 centimetres .
aleksandre guruli was born in batumi and plays for fc karpaty lviv and fc zestafoni . he is 178 . 0 centimetres tall .
alex plante was born in canada on the 9th of may , 1989 . he is a member of the anyang halla club .
alex plante was born in canada in 1989 . he is a member of the anyang halla club and has a height of 1 . 9304 .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the anthem is o canada and the leader is elizabeth ii . the language spoken in the country is inuktitut .
aaron boogaard was born in canada , where the anthem is o canada and the leader is elizabeth ii . asian canadians are an ethnic group in the country .
aaron boogaard was born in canada where the anthem is o canada and the leader is elizabeth ii . the language spoken in the country is the slavey language .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc kuban krasnodar and now plays for fc terek grozny . the club ' s ground is in grozny and their manager is rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr chumakov plays for fc torpedo moscow , whose chairman is aleksandr tukmanov . the club played in the 2014 - 15 russian premier league season and their manager is valery petrakov .
akeem dent played for the houston texans and the atlanta falcons .
abel hernandez played for penarol in the uruguayan primera division . he now plays for hull city a . f . c . whose manager is steve bruce .
19255 1994 vk8 is part of the epoch of 2006 - 12 - 31 and has an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it has aapoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 and a periapsis of6155910000000 . 0 .
66063 1998 ro1 is located at 254989570 . 60815 kilometres and has anescape velocity of 0 . 0999 kilometre per second . it was established on 4 november 2013 and has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
66063 1998 ro1 has a mean temperature of 265 . 0 kelvins and anapoapsis of 254989570 . 60815 kilometres . it was established on the 4th of november , 2013 and has an orbital period of 360 . 29 days .
1000 piazzia is in the epoch of 2015 - 06 - 27 and has an orbital period of488160 . 0 , a periapsis of 352497000000 . 0 and anescape velocity of 0 . 0252 kilometre per second .
1001 gaussia was found by sergey belyavsky on 27 june 2015 and has a periapsis of 419113394 . 55312 kilometres . it was previously known as 1923 oaa907 xc .
walter baade was born in the german empire and graduated from the university of gottingen . he was the doctoral student of allan sandage and was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in preussisch oldendorf and graduated from the university of gottingen . he was the doctoral student of halton arp and was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
1036 ganymed was found by walter baade who graduated from the university of gottingen . he was a doctoral student of halton arp and died in west germany .
103 hera was found by james craig watson who graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin . he died of peritonitis .
103 hera has anapoapsis of437170000 . 0 kilometres and was found by canadian james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera was found by canadian national james craig watson who died in madison , wisconsin . he died of peritonitis .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham and died in chennai . he is the discoverer of 107 camilla which has a periapsis of479343000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was found on 1st march 2001 by n . r . pogson who was born in nottingham and died in chennai .
1089 tama was formerly known as a894 va ; a904 vd and was born on the 26th of november , 2005 . it has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000 . 0 .
1089 tama has anescape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometre per second and anapoapsis of 373513000 . 0 kilometres . it was born on november 26 , 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
1097 vicia has a mass of 9 . 8 kilograms and anapoapsis of 511592000 . 0 . it was born on 31st december 2006 and has an orbital period of 135589000 . 0 kilometres .
109 felicitas is located at a periapsis of 283326000000 . 0 and has anescape velocity of 0 . 0473 kilometre per second . it was found on december 31st , 2006 and has anorbital period of 139705000 . 0 .
10 hygiea was formerly known as a900 ga and was established on 27 june 2015 . it has an orbital period of 5 . 57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000 . 0 .
1101 clematis was established on 31st december 2006 and has anescape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second . it has anapoapsis of 520906000 . 0 and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
1101 clematis was formerly known as 1928 sj and was found on the 31st of december 2006 . it has a periapsis of 445895000000 . 0 and anorbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
1101 clematis has anescape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second and an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 . its periapsis is 445895000000 . 0 and it was found on december 31 , 2006 .
dodge is the manufacturer of the 1955 dodge which has a v8 engine and a 3 - speed automatic . it has a length of 120 . 0 inches .
desoto custom and desoto firedome are the successors to the desoto automobile which is the manufacturer of the 1955 dodge . the 1955 dodge is a variant of the chrysler newport .
aidastella was built by meyer werft and is owned by costa crociere . it is operated by aida cruises which is located in rostock .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises . it was designed by meyer werft and has a length of 253260 . 0 millimetres .
the american locomotive company was the builder of the alco rs - 3 which was built between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the american locomotive company was the builder of the alco rs - 3 which has a v12 engine and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was built between may 1950 and august 1956 .
the american locomotive company was founded in schenectady , new york , united states . it is the builder of thealco rs - 3 which is 17068 . 8 millimetres long .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has a v12 engine and a diesel - electric transmission .
the alco rs - 3 was built by the montreal locomotive works between may 1950 and august 1956 . it has 12 cylinders and a four - stroke engine .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador , is a station wagon that is made in mexico city . it has an amc v8 engine .
the amc matador , also known as the vam classic , is a mid - size car that is made in kenosha , wisconsin . it has an amc straight - 6 engine .
the acura tlx is a mid - size car that is made in marysville , ohio . it has a front - wheel drive / all - wheel drive and an engine called the honda k .
the acura tlx is a luxury vehicle that is made at the marysville auto plant . it has a v6 engine and a front - engine design .
the aleksey chirikov icebreaker is in service and was built by the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . it has a beam of 21 . 2 .
aleksey chirikov icebreaker was built in helsinki , finland , where the leader is juha sipila and the people are known as finns .
the aleksey chirikov icebreaker is in service and was built by the arctech helsinki shipyard . it has a ship beam of 21 . 2 .
alfa romeo 164 is made in italy and has astraight - four engine . it is a type of transportation that is similar to the saab 9000 and is found in lancia thema .
alfa romeo 164 is made in italy and has a v6 engine . it is a variant of the saab 9000 and the fiat croma .
alhambra has a length of 63800 . 0 millimetres and a beam of 8 . 3 m . it was launched on may 31st , 1855 and is now in the state of wreck .
the alvis speed 25 is made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the company is the successor to the rover company and has an engine of petrol .
the alvis speed 25 is made by the alvis car and engineering company which was founded in coventry . the company is the successor to the rover company and has a straight - six engine .
the amc matador was created by american motors , whose key person is roy d . chapin jr . the eagle automobile was followed by the chrysler automobile .
the american submarine nr - 1 was designed by general dynamics electric boat and was launched on january 25th , 1969 . it has a beam of 3 . 8 m and a top speed of 8 . 334 .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres and a beam of 3 . 8 m , was launched on january 25th , 1969 and has a top speed of 8 . 334 .
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket which was first flown on april 21 , 2013 at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the rocket ' s final flight was on october 28 , 2014 .
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket which was first flown on april 21st , 2013 at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the final flight was on september 18th , 2013 .
london is the capital of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is from . the v8 was followed by the aston martin virage which was made by the company aston martin .
aston martin v8 is made in the united kingdom and has an engine of 5 . 3 litres . it is related to the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham / 1 .
aston martin dbs is a type of transportation for the aston martin v8 which has an engine of 5 . 3 litres . the v8 is the sequel to the aston martin virage which was made by aston martin .
atlas ii , which has a diameter of 3 . 04 m , was launched at vandenberg air force base and cape canaveral air force station . it ' s final flight was on 2005 - 12 - 05 .
the audi a1 is a supermini with a 1 . 2 litres engine and a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout . it is made in audi brussels .
audi , founded by august horch , is the manufacturer of the audi a1 . it is also the division of the audi e - tron and has a subsidiary called ducati .
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and is located in illinois . it was founded in california and is powered by caterpillar , inc .
aidastella is owned by costa crociere and operated by aida cruises . it was designed by meyer werft and is located in genoa .
the antares rocket , which originates from the united states , can be found at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 and the cape canaveral air force station . it is similar to the delta ii .
the united states is the origin of the antares rocket which is similar to the delta ii which is also from the united states . the antares is located at the vandenberg afb space launch complex 2 and cape canaveral air force station .
alfa romeo 164 is made in italy and has the body style of a sedan automobile . it is a variant of the fiat croma and the opel vectra .
alfa romeo 164 is made in milan and has the body style of a sedan automobile . it is a variant of the fiat croma and the opel vectra .
general dynamics , the parent company of general dynamics electric boat , is the builder of the american submarine nr - 1 which has a beam of 3 . 8 m and is located in groton , connecticut .
a - rosa luna was designed by the company neptun werft which is located in the city of rostock , germany . the leader of the country is stanislaw tillich .
atlas ii originates from the united states where english is spoken and the capital city is washington d . c . african americans are one of the ethnic groups .
atlas ii originates from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group and the capital city is washington d . c .
aaron bertram is a member of the kids imagine nation and the suburban legends . the latter band is in the genre of ska punk and has brian robertson as a member .
aaron deer was born in indianapolis , indiana . he is a solo singer who is part of the psychedelia genre .
aaron turner is a member of the sumac band and the isis band . he is also a member of the electroacoustic music genre and uses the voice as an instrument .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the old man gloom band . he is a member of the post - metal genre and his active years start in 1995 .
aaron turner is a member of the sumac band and plays the electric guitar . he is also a member of the black metal genre which is part of the death metal genre .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on 23rd july 1982 . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden on 23rd july 1982 . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in stockholm in 1982 . he is a songwriter and a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in sweden in 1982 . he is a songwriter and a solo singer .
ahmet ertegun is a member of the rhythm and blues genre and was born in washington d . c . in the united states . he is a non performing personnel .
ahmet ertegun is from the united states where african americans are an ethnic group . he is a member of the rock and roll genre , which is a genre of blues .
albennie jones was active in 1950 and is a member of the rhythm and blues genre , which is a variation of disco .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he is in the genre of jazz , which is a genre of blues .
aleksandra kovac was born in belgrade in 1972 . she is a singer in the genre of pop music .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a solo singer and a member of the rhythm and blues genre .
alex day is a member of the chameleon circuit band , which is in the genre of acoustic music . charlie mcdonnell is also a member of the chameleon circuit band . alex day ' s active years start in 2006 .
alex day is a member of the chameleon circuit band , which is in the genre of electronic music . charlie mcdonnell is also a member of the chameleon circuit band . alex day ' s active years start in 2006 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay , where the people are known as uruguayans and the leader is daniel martinez .
alfredo zitarrosa was born in uruguay and is a member of the candombe genre . he is a solo singer and is on the rca records label .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the bajik band and the flibbertigibbet band . she is in the genre of folk music and was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the mellow candle band and the head south by weaving band . she is in the genre of folk music and was active in 1963 .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the jazz genre and is on the deram records and floating world records labels . deram records is located in london .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the jazz genre and is on the deram records and fruit de mer records labels . deram records is located in london .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell in 1981 . he is a singer and a member of the acoustic music genre .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , ky in 1981 . he was born in dothan , al . he is a member of the genre of hip hop and is a solo singer .
andrew white is a member of the alternative rock genre , which is part of the genre of nu metal . he is also a member of the band marry banilow .
billy iuso and tab benoit are both associated with anders osborne , who is a member of the band galactic and is in the genre of rock .
alligator records and shanachie records are both located in chicago and are in the genre of blues . anders osborne is a member of both labels .
andra is a romanian singer who is in the genre of dance - pop . she is a solo singer .
andra is a member of the genre of rhythm and blues , which is a genre of funk and blues .
andrew rayel is a member of the trance music genre . he started playing in 2009 and is also associated with christian burns and jonathan mendelsohn .
andrew rayel and jwaydan moyine are both associated with the band christian burns . andrew rayel is a member of the genre of trance , which is the origin of house music .
andrew white is a member of the kaiser chiefs and the marry banilow band . he is also a member of the alternative rock genre and started playing in 2003 .
andrew white is a member of the kaiser chiefs and the marry banilow band . he is also a member of the universal records defunct record label . he started playing in 2003 .
agustin barboza died in asuncion , part of gran asuncion , paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band and the wildweeds . he plays the banjo and is a member of the country music genre .
allen forrest is a member of the genre of hip hop , which is a genre of funk and disco . drum and bass is also a genre of hip hop .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , greater manchester , england . the labour party is the leader of the uk .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the house of low culture . he is also a member of the post - metal genre and uses the cello as an instrument .
aaron turner , who plays the electric guitar , is a member of the twilight band . the twilight band is in the genre of black metal , which is part of the genre of death metal .
albennie jones was born in the united states , where african americans are an ethnic group . he is a member of the rhythm and blues genre , which is a genre of blues .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and fought in the american civil war . he was awarded the purple heart and died in west roxbury .
aaron s . daggett was born in maine and died in west roxbury . he fought in the battle of the wilderness and was awarded the purple heart .
ab klink was born in the netherlands and graduated from erasmus university , rotterdam , which is affiliated with the association of mbas . he worked for the ministry of health welfare and sport in the netherlands .
abdul taib mahmud was born iniri , malaysia and lives in kuching . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and is from the asajaya region .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak and lives in sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and is from the region of asajaya .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo . he lives in sarawak and is a member of the barisan ra ' ayat jati sarawak party . his successor was adenan satem .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and lives in sarawak . he was born in the japanese occupation of british borneo and is the successor to adenan satem .
abdulsalami abubakar is a member of the nigerian army and is the vice president . his predecessor was oladipo diya and his successor is atiku abubakar .
abdulsalami abubakar is a member of the nigerian air force and is the vice president . he was preceded by al - amin daggash and preceded by mike akhigbe .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he served as prime minister under felipe gonzalez and as monarch under juan carlos i of spain , who was preceded by francisco franco .
abel caballero was born in galicia , spain . he is a member of the spanish socialist workers ' party and served as the minister of transport .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in new britain , connecticut , united states . his wife is casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge in 2005 . he fought in the gulf war .
adam koc is a polish national who fought in the polish - soviet war where the commander was joseph stalin .
adam koc fought in the polish - soviet war which was part of the russian civil war and was commanded by joseph stalin . he died in new york city .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he served as the vice - president of new democracy and was the successor ofakis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he worked as an employee of the ministry of economy development and tourism , greece . his successor wasakis voridis .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he served as a member of the hellenic parliament and is the successor ofakis voridis .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the currency is the euro .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte . she is a member of the socialist party and worked for the house of representatives .
agnes kant is from the netherlands where the leader is mark rutte .
agnes kant is a dutch national who is a member of the socialist party ( netherlands ) . the party ' s leader is emile roemer and its colour is red .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . he was in the battle of france in 1953 and retired on 30th march , 1979 .
airey neave was born in knightsbridge , london . he played in the battle of france and began his career on march 4th , 1974 . he retired on march 30th , 1979 .
airey neave was a member of the royal artillery which is based in hohne and fought in world war ii under the command of chiang kai - shek .
albert b . white was born in cleveland , maryland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his successor was william m . o . dawson .
albert b . white was born in cleveland on march 4th , 1901 and died on march 4th , 1905 . his successor was william m . o . dawson .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york where the french language is spoken . he fought in the american civil war which was commanded by abraham lincoln .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york city and fought in the american civil war where the commander was jefferson davis . he died in dona ana county , new mexico .
albert jennings fountain was born in new york and died in new mexico territory .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . he was a member of the justicialist party and was in office while president juan peron was in office .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he served as the provisional president of the argentine senate and as a rear admiral . his successor was isaac rojas .
alfred moore scales was born in reidsville , north carolina . he was a member of the democratic party and served as the governor of north carolina . he was followed by daniel gould fowle .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he also served as a member of the united states army and fought in the whiskey rebellion .
alfred n . phillips was born in connecticut and served as a member of the u . s . house of representatives from connecticut ' s 4th district . he was a member of the democratic party and his successor was albert e . austin .
alfred n . phillips was born in darien , connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party and served as the mayor of stamford , connecticut . he was followed by albert e . austin .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party and served as the governor of texas . he was followed by price daniel .
allan shivers was born in lufkin , texas . he was a member of the democratic party and served as the governor of texas . he was followed by wilfred r cousins jr .
alvah sabin worked as the secretary of state of vermont and is from the region of the 3rd congressional district in the state of vermont . the largest city in the state is burlington .
alvah sabin is a member of the whig party of the united states , whose leader is daniel webster . he is from the region of vermont , where the largest city is burlington .
aaron s . daggett fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war and was commanded by robert e . lee . he was awarded the purple heart .
alberto teisaire is a national of argentina where the language is spanish and the leader is juan peron who is a member of the labour party .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina . he served as the president of argentina under juan peron who is a member of the labour party . he was followed by isaac rojas .
costa crociere is the parent company of carnival corporation & plc and is the owner of aidastella which was designed by meyer werft and operated by aida cruises in germany .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises and was designed by meyer werft . it has a beam of 32 . 2 metres and a length of 253260 . 0 . it has a top speed of 38 . 892 .
the american locomotive company was the builder of the alco rs - 3 which has 12 cylinders and a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres . it was built between may 1950 and august 1956 and has a four - stroke engine .
the american locomotive company was the builder of the alco rs - 3 which has a length of 17068 . 8 millimetres , a v12 engine and 12 cylinders . it was built between may 1950 and august 1956 .
alv x - 1 originates from the united states where native americans are one of the ethnic groups . the capital of the united states is washington d . c . and the national anthem is the star - spangled banner .
the amc matador , also known as the american motors matador , is a mid - size car that is made in thames , new zealand . it has the body style of a station wagon and has an amc v8 engine .
alhambra is owned by the p & o company which is located in london . it was built by the samuda brothers and has a beam of 8 . 3 m . its power type is humphrys tennant and dykes .
the amc matador was created by american motors , a subsidiary of chrysler . the company ' s key person is roy d . chapin jr . the eagle automobile was the predecessor of the amc matador .
the american submarine nr - 1 , which has a length of 45000 . 0 millimetres and a length of 3 . 8 m , was launched on january 25 , 1969 . it has a top speed of 8 . 334 and a draft of 4 . 6 m .
the united states is the origin of the delta ii and the antares rocket . the antares is a variant of the delta ii and is located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . the minotaur iv is also a member of the antares family .
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket which has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and is located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it ' s maiden flight was on the 28th of october 2014 and it ' s final flight was on the 13th of july 2014 .
the yuzhnoye design office is the manufacturer of the antares rocket which has a diameter of 3 . 9 metres and is located at the mid - atlantic regional spaceport launch pad 0 . it ' s maiden flight was on 2014 - 10 - 28 and its final flight was on 2013 - 09 - 18 .
airbus defence and space is the manufacturer of the ariane 5 which has a diameter of 5 . 4 metres . it was first flown on 11 august 2005 at the guiana space centre and its final flight was on 18 november 2009 .
the guiana space centre , located in french guiana , is the location of ena - 3 and the launch site of ariane 5 . ena - 3 is operated by arianespace which has its headquarters in courcouronnes .
aston martin v8 is made by aston martin and is found in newport pagnell . it has an engine of 5 . 3 litres and is a type of transportation for the aston martin dbs which is the successor to the aston martin vantage .
aston martin v8 has a 5 . 3 litres engine and a body style of coupe . it is made in newport pagnell and is a variant of the aston martin dbs and the aston martin rham / 1 .
elizabeth ii is the leader of the united kingdom where the aston martin v8 is from . the v8 is the successor to the aston martin virage which was made by the company aston martin . the v8 is a type of transportation and is also known as the aston martin dbs .
the audi a1 is a supermini with a 1 . 2 litres engine and a hatchback body style . it is made in brussels , belgium and has a front - engine , front - wheel - drive layout .
audi , founded by august horch , is a subsidiary of ducati and lamborghini . it is the manufacturer of the audi a1 and also the division of the audi e - tron .
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and is located in peoria , illinois . it was founded in california , united states and its power type is caterpillar , inc .
aidaluna was founded in the united states by douglas r . oberhelman and is owned by aida cruises in rostock . aida cruises is a subsidiary of caterpillar , inc .
aidaluna is owned by aida cruises and was founded in peoria , illinois , united states . the company ' s key person is douglas r . oberhelman and its power type is caterpillar , inc .
aidastella is operated by aida cruises and was designed by meyer werft . it is owned by costa crociere which is located in genoa and is owned by carnival corporation & plc .
aleksey chirikov icebreaker was built by the arctech helsinki shipyard in finland . the leader of the country is juha sipila and the people are known as finns . the language spoken in the country is the sami languages .
a - rosa luna was built by the company neptun werft in the city of rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is joachim gauck .
a - rosa luna was built by the company neptun werft in the city of rostock , germany . the capital of the country is berlin and the leader is andreas vosskuhle .
atlas ii originates from the united states where english is spoken and native americans are an ethnic group . the capital city is washington d . c . and the inhabitants are known as americans .
abel hernandez played for penarol and u . s . citta di palermo . he now plays for central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division . jorge orosman da silva is the manager of central espanol .
aleksandr chumakov played for fc torpedo moscow and the soviet union national football team . he died in russia where the leader is valentina matviyenko . the manager of fc torpedo moscow is valery petrakov .
aleksandre guruli plays for fc karpaty lviv , whose manager is oleh luzhny . he also plays for olympique lyonnais , whose ground is parc olympique lyonnais , and whose chairman is jean - michel aulas .
alessio romagnoli plays for ac milan and u . c . sampdoria . he is a defender and plays in the serie a league . his manager is sinisa mihajlovic .
alessio romagnoli is a member of the italy national under - 17 football team and plays for u . c . sampdoria . he also plays for a . c . milan , whose manager is sinisa mihajlovic and whose chairman is silvio berlusconi .
abel hernandez is a member of the uruguay national football team and plays for the u . s . citta di palermo . he also plays for central espanol in the uruguayan segunda division . his manager is giuseppe iachini .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , whose ground is the otkrytiye arena and whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc amkar perm , whose manager is gadzhi gadzhiyev .
aleksandr prudnikov plays for fc spartak moscow , whose chairman is sergey rodionov . he also plays for fc terek grozny , whose ground is in grozny , and whose manager is rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr prudnikov played for fc spartak moscow and fc dynamo moscow . he now plays for fc terek grozny , whose ground is in grozny and whose manager is rashid rakhimov .
aleksandr chumakov was born in the soviet union and played for the soviet union national football team . he now plays for fc torpedo moscow who were in the russian premier league in the 2014 - 15 season and are managed by valery petrakov .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and ferencvarosi tc . ferencvarosi tc ' s ground is in palo seco and their chairman is gabor kubatov . their manager is thomas doll .
akeem adams plays for united petrotrin f . c . and ferencvarosi tc . ferencvarosi tc ' s manager is thomas doll and their ground is the palo seco velodrome . ferencvarosi tc ' s chairman is gabor kubatov .
19255 1994 vk8 is 5 . 6 kilograms , has anapoapsis of 6603633000 . 0 , a periapsis of6155910000000 . 0 and an orbital period of 8788850000 . 0 . it was found on december 31st , 2006 .
101 helena was found on the 15th of august , 1868 by james craig watson , an american who graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin .
101 helena was found by james craig watson who was born in canada . he graduated from the university of michigan and died in madison , wisconsin . he died of peritonitis .
walter baade was born in the german empire and died in gottingen . he was a doctoral student at the university of gottingen and was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
walter baade was born in the german empire and graduated from the university of gottingen . he was the doctoral student of halton arp and allan sandage . he was the discoverer of 1036 ganymed .
1036 ganymed was found by german national walter baade who was born in the german empire . he graduated from the university of gottingen and was a doctoral student of allan sandage .
103 hera was found on the 7th of september , 1868 by james craig watson , an american who graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin .
103 hera has a periapsis of 371240000 . 0 kilometres and was found by canadian james craig watson who graduated from the university of michigan . he died in madison , wisconsin .
107 camilla was found by b . zellner on the 31st of december , 2006 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days and a periapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was found by c . woods on the 31st of december 2006 and has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days . it has aapoapsis of 560937000 . 0 kilometres and a periapsis of479343000 . 0 kilometres .
107 camilla was found by f . vilas on the 31st of december , 2006 and has aapoapsis of 560937000 . 0 and a periapsis of479343000 . 0 . it has an orbital period of 2368 . 05 days .
n . r . pogson was born in nottingham , england and died in chennai . he is the discoverer of 107 camilla which has an absolute magnitude of 7 . 08 .
1089 tama was formerly known as a919 ha ; 1927 wb . it is located at 373513000 . 0 kilometres and has anescape velocity of 0 . 0068 kilometre per second . it was born on november 26 , 2005 and has an orbital period of 1202 . 846 days .
1101 clematis is located at 520906000 . 0 kilometres and has anescape velocity of 0 . 02 kilometre per second . it has a mass of 5 . 7 kilograms and has an orbital period of 183309000 . 0 .
11264 claudiomaccone is located at a temperature of 173 . 0 kelvins and has a periapsis of 296521000 . 0 kilometres and aapoapsis of 475426000 . 0 kilometres . it was found on november 26 , 2005 and has an orbital period of 1513 . 722 days .
abdul taib mahmud is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and lives in kuching , asajaya . he was born in miri , malaysia on 21st may 1936 .
abdul taib mahmud was born in the kingdom of sarawak . he is a member of the parti pesaka bumiputera bersatu party and lives at demak jaya jalan bako , kuching , sarawak . he graduated from the university of adelaide .
abdulsalami abubakar was in office from 1999 - 05 - 29 . he was preceded by oladipo diya and his successor is atiku abubakar . the vice president is mike akhigbe who is a member of the nigerian navy .
abdulsalami abubakar is a member of the nigerian army and was the vice president of the country . he was in office from 1999 - 05 - 29 and was preceded by olusegun obasanjo .
abraham a . ribicoff was an american born in connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party and served as the governor of connecticut . he died in the united states .
abraham a . ribicoff was an american who was born in connecticut . he was a member of the democratic party and served as the united states secretary of health education and welfare . he died in new york city .
abraham a . ribicoff was born in connecticut and died in new york . his wife is casey ribicoff . native americans are an ethnic group in the united states .
adam holloway was born in kent and graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he was a member of the grenadier guards and worked as a member of parliament for gravesham . he began his career on 05 / 05 / 2005 .
adam holloway was born inaversham , kent , england . he graduated from magdalene college , cambridge . he is a member of the conservative party and served as a member of the grenadier guards from 2005 - 05 - 05 .
adonis georgiadis was born in athens , greece . he was preceded by the prime minister of greece , antonis samaras and the prime minister of greece , konstantinos mitsotakis . he was followed by the prime minister of greece , akis voridis .
agnes kant was born in the netherlands where mark rutte is the leader . she worked for the house of representatives and is now retired .
agnes kant is a dutch national who lives in doesburg . she worked for the house of representatives in the netherlands where mark rutte and khadija arib are leaders .
agnes kant is a dutch national who lives in doesburg . the leader of the netherlands is mark rutte .
albert b . white was born on the 22nd of september , 1856 and died on the 3rd of july , 1941 in parkersburg , west virginia .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and died in parkersburg , west virginia . his wife was agnes ward white and his successor was william m . o . dawson who was born in bloomington , maryland .
albert b . white was born in cleveland . he served as the governor of west virginia and his wife was agnes ward white . he retired on march 4th , 1905 . his successor was william m . o . dawson .
albert b . white was born in cleveland and was a member of the republican party of the united states . he began his career on march 4th , 1901 and retired on march 4th , 1905 . his successor was william m . o . dawson .
alberto teisaire died in buenos aires where the leader is horacio rodriguez larreta . he was a member of the labour party ( argentina ) . he was in office while juan peron and eva peron were the leaders of the country .
alberto teisaire was born in mendoza , argentina on the 20th of may , 1891 . he served as the provisional president of the argentine senate and as a rear admiral . his successor was isaac rojas .
alfons gorbach was born in the tyrol state of austria . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
alfons gorbach was born in imst , tyrol state . he was a member of the austrian people ' s party and died in graz .
alvah sabin died in sycamore , illinois on march 3rd , 1857 . he was from the region of the 3rd congressional district in the state of vermont , where the largest city is burlington .
alvah sabin was born in georgia , vermont and died in sycamore , illinois . he was a member of the 3rd congressional district in vermont where the largest city is burlington .
alfred moore scales is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the battle of gettysburg which was part of the american civil war which was commanded by jefferson davis .
alfred moore scales is from the united states where native americans are an ethnic group . he fought in the siege of petersburg which was part of the american civil war which was commanded by jefferson davis .
juan peron and eva peron are the spouses of alberto teisaire who is a member of the labour party in argentina . the language spoken in the country is spanish .
aaron bertram is a member of the bands kids imagine nation and suburban legends . he is also a member of the genre of ska punk which is the origin of punk rock . brian robertson is a member of the band and is a trombonist .
aaron deer is from indiana , united states . he is a member of the wee giant band and is a member of the indie rock genre . he is also a solo singer .
aaron turner , who is from the united states , is a member of thelotus eaters band and the black metal genre . he is also a member of the band old man gloom and was active in 1995 .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight andlotus eaters bands . he is also a member of the sludge metal genre . he was born in massachusetts and started playing in 1995 .
abradab was born in katowice , poland on november 12th , 1978 . he is a member of the kaliber 44 band and the magik rapper .
ace wilder was born in sweden on 23rd july 1982 . he is a solo singer .
ace wilder was born in stockholm on 23rd july 1982 . he is a songwriter and a solo singer .
ace wilder is a member of the genre of hip hop , which is part of the genre ofgangsta rap . hip hop is a genre of funk , which is a genre of drum and bass .
ace wilder was born in sweden . he is a member of the genre of hip hop , which is a variation of the genre of funk .
al anderson ( born in windsor , connecticut ) is a member of the nrbq band and the wildweeds . the band is in the genre of rock and was started in 1966 .
al anderson is a member of the nrbq band and plays the guitar . the band is from the genre of rock , which is a genre of country music and is also a genre of bhangra .
alan frew was born in coatbridge , newmarket , ontario , canada . he is a musician .
aleksandra kovac was born in the socialist republic of serbia in 1972 . she is a singer in the genre of pop , which is part of the genre of disco .
aleksandra kovac is a member of the k2 kovac sisters duo and the kornelije kovac band . she is also a member of the rhythm and blues genre and is a solo singer . she was active in 1990 .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , england in 1872 . he died in london .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester and died in sidcup . london is lead by boris johnson and the european parliament .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is lead by the labour party . he died in sidcup , london , which is lead by the european parliament .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the flibbertigibbet and mellow candle bands . she is a member of the genre of folk music of ireland and was born in 1963 . she is on the floating world records label .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the jazz genre , which is a genre of funk . she is on the deram records and stanyan records labels . deram records is located in london .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the genre of jazz , which is a genre of afrobeat . she uses theautoharp as an instrument and is a member of the genre of folk music .
alison o ' donnell is a member of the genre of jazz , which is a genre of afrobeat . it is also a genre of funk and blues . she uses the voice , bodhran , percussion and autoharp .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell , alabama in 1981 . he is a solo singer who plays acoustic music .
anders osborne is a member of the band galactic and the band voice of the wetlands all - stars . he is also a member of the band billy iuso and is in the genre of rock . he was active in 1989 .
anders osborne is a member of the galactic and tab benoit bands . he is also associated with billy iuso and is a member of the blues genre . he was active in 1989 .
the andra singer was born in campia turzii in 1986 . she is a member of the dance - pop genre and is a reality television judge .
andra was born in romania in 1986 . she is a singer who is in the genre of rhythm and blues .
andrew rayel is a member of the band armin van buuren , along with bobina , mark sixma , jonathan mendelsohn , christian burns , jwaydan , alexander popov , jano alexandre bergheau , jonny rose , sylvia tosun , lira yin , alexandra badoi . the band is in the genre of trance , which is a genre of pop music .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . he is a member of the trance music genre . he started playing in 2009 . he is also associated with christian burns and armin van buuren .
andrew rayel was born in chisinau , moldova . he is a member of the trance music genre and was active in 2009 . he is also associated with jwaydan moyine and bobina .
andrew rayel is a member of the trance music genre and plays the string instrument . he is also associated with jwaydan moyine , john digweed and christian burns .
andrew white is a member of the kaiser chiefs and the marry banilow band . he is also a member of the b - unique records and polydor records labels . he started playing in 2003 .
allen forrest was born in fort campbell and is a member of the genre of hip hop . hip hop is a genre of funk and disco . drum and bass are also genres of hip hop .
allen forrest was born in 1981 . he is a member of the genre of hip hop , which is a genre of funk and disco . drum and bass are also genres of hip hop .
alfred garth jones was born in manchester , which is lead by the labour party . he died in sidcup , london , which is lead by the parliament of the united kingdom .
agustin barboza was born in asuncion and died in paraguay . the leader of paraguay is juan afara and the language spoken is spanish . the mestizo are an ethnic group in paraguay .
andrew white is a member of the alternative rock genre , which is part of the genre of nu metal . he is on the b - unique records and polydor records labels .
andrew white is a member of the alternative rock genre , which is part of the genre of nu metal . he is on the polydor records label , which is located in london . he is also on the universal records defunct record label .
al anderson is a member of the rock band al anderson nrbq . he uses the guitar and is a member of the genre of rock . the genre of rock comes from the genres of country and blues , as well as the genre of bhangra .
al anderson nrbq band is from the genre of rock , which is also known as blues and country . the banjo is an instrument in the genre of rock , which is also known as bhangra .
aaron turner is a member of the twilight band and the old man gloom band . he plays the electric guitar and is a member of the black metal genre , which is part of the death metal genre .
alfredo zitarrosa died in montevideo , uruguay . two of the leaders of the country are raul fernando sendic rodriguez and daniel martinez . spanish is spoken in the country .
